C Tyler Linderbaum Iowa 90
info: Linderbaum didn’t start out at center, he committed as a defensive lineman to the Hawkeyes. Early on he switched to OL where he and his friend Tristan Wirfs would train together which lead Wirfs to say linderbaum was the best OL he’s seen. Linderbaum has been the best center in college football for the past two seasons and this was recognized by him receiving the rimington award as well as Big 10 OL of the year.
pros: No OL can move the speed that he can. Unbelievable reach block ability. An absolute dawg in the run game, he will run you over. Gets to the second level better than anyone in football. Super strong for size, understands leverage.
cons: Not the ideal size for OL. Not experienced in one-on-one man blocking a nose guard which could be a weakness.
take: I’ve never seen as sure a thing on the OL as Linderbaum. He plays at such a different level that everyone else he makes it fun to watch the center position. He will be one of the best centers of all time mark those words.
C Alec Lindstrom Boston College 76
info: NA
pros: Brother was very good. 4 straight years of 78+ PFF pass grades. Used to making calls at the line. Aggressive lineman, has the lineman mindset. Latches on and stays infront of the defender. Can anchor in pass pro well.
cons: Not ideal measurables, sub 300 pounds 32 inch arms and not great testing numbers. Trouble getting to the second level and blocking in space.
take: Lindstrom is the kind of lineman that everyone wants. He is nasty in the run game and gives it his all every play. He could start immediately although he is physically limited.
C Cam Jurgens Nebraska 72
info: NA
pros: His nickname is beef jerky. Good athlete, ran a 4.92 and has 33.5 inch arms. 3 year starter who made a massive leap his senior year. Can reach block very effectively with his athleticism. Very good mover in space, screen blocks are a plus.
cons: On the smaller side weighing in at 303. Started off his career with 2 40 PFF grades. Doesn’t control defenders once he starts to block them. Not a strong blocker, wont move anyone in the run game.
take: Jurgens is one of the most athletic lineman in the draft and it’s very apparent when he is in space. He struggles with power in the run game and can get thrown around in pass pro too much.
C Luke Fortner Kentucky 71
info: Fortner is a 6th year player for Kentucky that was part of a solid offensive line playing with Darian Kennard. He was a team captain his 6th year and was named an Academic All American as well as 2nd team All SEC.
pros: Team leader as a captain. Wants to play physical.
cons: Really high cut for an interior lineman. A little stiff and doesn’t move great in space. Play strength got exposed against Jordan Davis and the rest of Georgia.
take: Fortner may have been a team leader and a smart guy but physically it isn’t there. I’d love to bring him into camp and see how he does but I’m not sure he can make it in the NFL.
C Luke Wattenberg Washington 70
info: NA
pros: 5 years of starting experience at tackle guard and center. Long arms for an interior lineman, 34 inches. Great at using his arms to keep defenders off him hand seal out lineman.
cons: He’s very limited because his anchor, Oti bull rushed him too easily. Won’t be able to move anyone in the run game.
take: Wattenberg has the length and the experience to be a solid NFL offensive lineman. The only thing holding him back is his ability to handle power, especially from 0 techs.
C Dohnovan West Arizona St 68
info: NA
pros: Played 3 years and multiple positions. Under control at all times, smooth player.
cons: Sub 300 pounds without great athletic testing numbers. Gets beat with power to easy and isn’t a great athlete to reach block.
take: West is an average at best center. He has a lot of experience but not too much upside.
C Dawson Deaton Texas Tech 68
info: NA
pros: 3 years if starting at center with experience at LT and LG. Works to seal off defenders well, doesn’t let himself get beat.
cons: Not the most powerful player, gets pushed back in the pocket too much. Not a quick athlete for the lack of power he has.
take: Deaton is your average center, slightly undersized without much power to him. He will never be a plus NFL player but could contribute to a team as a backup.
C Ben Brown Ole Miss 67
info: NA
pros: 4 year starter at both center and guard. Solid size at 6’4 310 with 34 inch arms. Uses his length well, can keep defenders away from him.
cons:  tire his bicep and missed a lot of his final year. Bad change of direction, looks silly picking up stunts. Plays to high and doesn’t fire off the ball.
take: Brown is a versatile player with a solid build but he’s not good enough to start as an NFL lineman.