CB Sauce Gardener Cincinnati 92
info: Sauce got his nickname all the way back in his pop warner days by his coach. He was called this because he was an elusive running back, but his real calling was at cornerback. He moved there his junior year of high school and was recruited to Cincinnati to be their lock down corner.  He very much so did that, he stepped in immediately and played great as a freshman. But his final year was special, he locked down every WR he went up against.
pros: Sticky in man coverage, always in the hip pocket. Great size fir the position. Good athlete, great acceleration. Very patient when playing press, doesn’t commit too early. Willing in the run game, sheds blocks pretty well.
cons: He’s not a strong tackler, slight frame. Only few games against top tier guys.
take: Gardener is the best man corner back out of college I’ve ever seen. His ability to stay with receivers and press them is 2nd to none. He can immediately start and be a good NFL corner.
CB Derek Stingley LSU 88
info: Stingley stayed in his hometown after a dominating high school career where he ended up as one of the highest rated CB recruits of all time. He was named the Gatorade Louisiana Player of the year and he stepped right into the LSU starting lineup. He had an impressive freshman campaign where he won a national championship, had 6 picks and was a first team All-American. He dropped off a bit in 2020 and dealt with some injuries but still had a good season.
pros: 19 as of 5/9/2021, Good size and speed combo for the position. Best at playing the ball I have seen. Great makeup speed to shut down go balls. Breaks on routes well. Has a lot of man experience playing at LSU.
cons: Probably still having nightmares about Devonta Smith. Looked like a worse player in 2020 and 2021. Opens hips to easily when given a fake, Van Jefferson got him multiple times. Not very fluid in open space, didn’t look great in zone. Not a very physical corner.
take: Stingley really showed his skills his freshman year and vaulted his name into the first round immediately. He regressed in 2020 a little bit and has been exposed by elite route runners. He has the size and athleticism to be a shut down corner in a man heavy scheme.
CB Trent McDuffie Washington 85
info: McDuffie was a 4 star recruit coming out of the power house St John Bosco. He choose to go to Washington because of their track record of putting secondary players in the NFL. He immediately played as a freshman and has played well every year. He was named to the 1st team PAC 12 team his final year.
pros: Very fluid movement skills, hip turns are fast and don’t lose speed. Understands routes and offensive plays that allows him to sit on routes. Good job in zone keeping eyes one QB and routes. Very willing in the run game, plays aggressively.
cons: Not very strong in press. Slightly undersized for outside corner.
take: McDuffie is yet another Washington defensive player that has a great understanding of the game and is a tad undersized. I expect him to not break the mold and immediately fit in the NFL with his IQ and movement skills.
CB Dax Hill Michigan 82
info: Hill is a fantastic athlete that had many accomplishments in high school like Gatorade Player of the year in Oklahoma and being the number 1 safety in the 2019 class. He committed to Michigan to help bring them back to prominence and was a key player every year he was there. By his junior year he was a star on Michigan’s defense and was selected to the 1st team All-Big Ten team. He has a good chance of out shining his brother Justin Hill who was the 4th round pick of the ravens in 2019.
pros: Super athlete that is very fluid in his movement. Can mirror and stick with receivers in the slot pretty easily. Position versatility, can play outside corner, slot, and safety. Willing to step up and be physical in the run game and screen plays. Made nice plays in both zone and man.
cons: A little thin for a run support player, can get out muscled. Not the best at the catch point, gets lost and loses at times.
take: Hill is a versatile top tier athlete, you can’t have too many of them on your team. He can cover the slot or on the outside do to his size and fluid movement skills as well as step up in the run game. He needs to add some size and strength but for a 21 year old that is this athletic he can make an instant impact in any teams secondary.
CB Roger McCreary Auburn 79
info: McCreary was severely under recruited coming out of Mobile Alabama where he was a 3 star recruit and only had one SEC offer. Lucky for him Auburn saw something and brought him in and he didn’t disappoint. He has started the last 3 years and capped it off with a first team All SEC nod.
pros: Fluid hips, everything he does he makes it look easy. Great ability to play through receivers hands. Good speed, he kept up with Williams most plays. Experienced covering the best WR’s in the nation.
cons: Not a very physical player. Doesn’t re route receivers at the line ever. Not great in run support, not strong enough to take down a strong runner. Terrible combine, ran over a 4.5 with under 30 inch arms.
take: McCreary is the best man corner back in this class, he has an incredible ability to flip his hips and recover if beaten. He has shown against guys like Metchie, Williams and Boutte he can hold up with them so a team can expect him to come right in and start for them.
CB Martin Emerson Mississippi St 79
info: NA
pros: Big corner 6’2 33 inch arms with solid speed 4.53. Super physical corner, both in press and in run support. Can run with very fast receivers, looked sloid against bama. Played well as a true junior in the SEC.
cons: Not going to handle super quick receivers as well as others. Got away with a lot of holds and illegal contacts.
take: Emerson was a great corner in the SEC with great length and physicality. He has the athleticism to keep up with WRs but he’s a little to penalty happy and has to fix that to be a top tier corner.
CB Kaiir Elam Florida 78
info: Elam followed his uncles footsteps (Matt Elam) by committing to Florida after being a top recruit in the nation. He immediately got playing time and had a very good season in 2020 and was named 1st team All SEC. His junior year wasn’t more of the same as he picked up a ton of penalties and didn’t play as well.
pros: Great size and athleticism combo. Great job taking away all routes to the sideline.  Solid ball skills, made some nice plays on the ball.  Smooth zone drops, good eyes and positioning.
cons: A lot of Penalties in his last year. Physical at the wrong time in routes, amps up contact as ball is in the air. No a great run support corner. Not too shifty, can be neat off the line badly.
take: Elam is another Size Speed corner from the SEC that showed flashes of great play. He struggles with penalties and quickness which will be a problem in the NFL but a team should take a chance on an athlete of his caliber to compete to start.
CB Andrew Booth Clemson 77
info: Booth was a consensus 5 star recruit coming out of Georgia where he committed to Clemson over his home state Georgia bulldogs. He earned a starting roll his 2nd season and has been Clemsons top corner the past few years. He was named 1st team All ACC this last year after having an impressive season.
pros: Good build for a corner with the athleticism to go with it. Very willing tackler, flys to the ball carrier. Good job in zone taking away passing lane, cover 2 flag and hitch. Pretty good ball skills, good defender down the field.
cons: Isn’t the quickest smoothest player, gets hips turned to easy in man and can’t recover. Change of direction isn’t where it needs to be, out of control at times.
take: Booth will struggle against crafty route runners because of his lack of change of direction but that should stop him from going early. He plays hard, is a good athlete and understands the position well which will allow him to play in the league.
CB Coby Bryant Cincinnati 76
info: NA
pros: Solid size and speed, 6’1 193 and ran a 4.53. A lot of experience in a dominate defense for Cincinnati. Good ball skills, 10 career Ints. Plays in control and does a good job reading routes.
cons: Not going to be a top tier athlete, lacks top end speed quicks and strength.
take: Bryant is a very solid corner prospect, he’s a smart instinctive player that has played well throughout his career. He’s missing the top end traits that a lot of other guys have but he should succeed regardless.
CB Zyon McCollum Sam Houston St 74
info: NA
pros: Unreal athlete, 6’2 200 ran a 4.33 jumped 40 inches ran a sub 4 shuttle and sub 6.5 3 cone. Fluid in all movements, backpedal and can flip his hips well. Team captain his senior year.
cons: Doesn’t get his hands on well in press. Burst on tape wasn’t what he tested like. Played a low level of competition, easily could hang with the receivers.
take: McCollum has the measurables that everyone is looking for. He’s got good size and great athleticism but played in a conference with 0 competition. If a team gets his full potential out he will be a great corner.
CB Cordale Flott LSU 74
info: NA
pros: Played well as a true junior in the SEC. Very easy mover, can run change direction and flip hips with ease. Played a lot of coverages at LSU. Willing to throw his body at a ball carrier.
cons: Bone thin, may be the thinnest player in the draft, 6’1 175. Can lose routes behind him.
take: Flott would be a first round pick if he had any strength to him. He is so thin it’s hard to see him succeed in the NFL as he currently is, but if you out some weight on him he could be a very good coverage player.
CB Alontae Taylor Tennessee 75
info: NA
pros: Good makeup, 6 foot 32 inch arms 200 lbs and ran a 4.36. Pretty physical, can knock receivers around and come up and play run support.
cons: Change of direction is average at best, not going to burst on a route too well. Struggles in off coverage, needs to get hands on because he can’t close in space.
take: Taylor is a good press man corner and can play zone adequately. He’s got the size and speed to be a good outside corner, but the quickness isn’t there to close space in a hurry.
CB Jermaine Waller Virginia Tech 73
info: NA
pros: Solid length at 6 foot and 31 inch arms. Had a very good sophomore season, 81.8 PFF grade. Good in press, easily matches receivers release. Good hips and can change direction well.
cons: Not a top end athlete, 4.68 35 inch vert. Not the best tackler, no form with it. Miami game exposed him a little.
take: Waller is the opposite of your high potential toolsy CB. He’s a very sound corner who can cover every route on the field, he’s super patient and plays the position the way you want to see it played. He’s not a top tier athlete but he’s a good corner never the less.
CB Damarri Mathis Pitt 74
info: NA
pros: Good enough size and good speed, 5’11 196 32 inch arms 4.4 40 with 43.5 inch vert. Loves to be physical, can throw routes off easily.
cons: One year of full time starting. Never had a good coverage grade. Holds too often and plays over his skis at times, overrunning routes.
take: Mathis has the physical tools to be a good NFL corner as well as the aggressiveness to shut down routes. If he could just pick his spots and not play overly aggressive he could be a good player.
CB Tariq Castro-Fields Penn St 73
info: NA
pros: Prototype build at 6’1 200 and ran a 4.38. Coaching staff liked him on the field. Has the quickness along with the long speed to cover anyone.
cons: Lets too many routes up at the catch point. Isn’t always in a receivers hip pocket although his athleticism should allow him to.
take: Castro-Fields has everything you look for in a corner, size, speed, experience. He has all of that but he never put it all together to become a lock down corner, he let too many catches up for how good his coverage is.
CB Kalon Barnes Baylor 74
info: NA
pros: Missed one tackle last year on 27 attempts. Blazing fast, Texas HS 100m record holder. Has the length and speed to hold up with anyone. Solid at playing the ball, former receiver as well.
cons: Doesn’t cover quick routes well, get beat underneath too easily. Supper grabby, will hold receivers all the was down the field. On the slimmer side, would like to see more strength.
take: Barnes has all the physical ability to be a top corner this year but he isn’t quite there. He’s a tad small and doesn’t have the ability to drive on the underneath routes well.
CB Tariq Woolen UTSA 73
info: NA
pros: Freak show athlete, 6’4 200 33.5 inch arms and ran a 4.26.
cons: Total project, no technique to go along with his physical ability. Looks slower than he is because he’s uncomfortable out there.
take: Woolen is a freak plain and simple, not sure how someone can have his athletic profile. Too bad he has no ability to play corner as of now, hes a total project.
CB Mario Goodrich Clemson 73
info: NA
pros: 5% missed tackle rate his senior season and a physical tackler. Team captain who developed over the years. Solid recognition, see’s screens and routes developing.
cons: Smaller corner, 6 foot 176 pounds. Doesn’t have the ability to flip the hips and break quickly.
take: Goodrich is a lot like his teammate Andrew Booth, a very solid corner with good intangibles. Unfortunately like his teammate he’s not the quickest athlete and can get beat by good routes and quickness.
CB Christian Benford Villenova 73
info: NA
pros: 6 foot 200 and a 4.4 40. Very good athlete, fluid hips and good start stop. Mirrors at the line very well and does a good job in zone feeling space.
cons: Not the greatest physical press corner and played in the FCS.
take: Benford has some great tape and was dominate in the FCS. He’s a good athlete that has a good feel for coverage, he should be able to translate to the NFL.
CB Jalyn Armour-Davis Alabama 74
info: NA
pros: has the size speed component down, 6’1 200 and ran a sub 4.4. Willing to be physical in screen game.
cons: Only started one year in his career. Not a smooth player, doesn’t transition very well. Not going to be stopping many runs anytime soon.
take: Armour-Davis isn’t at his ceiling yet, he’s a long and great athlete. He will need some coaching and be a little less stiff in the NFL, but if a team can get his best play out of him he can be very good.
CB Joshua Williams Fayetteville St 73
info: NA
pros: Great size and length and athleticism. Dominated at Fayetteville State. Good press rep at senior bowl.
cons: Played against high school players. A little out of place at senior bowl covering down the field.
take: Williams is another athletic freak that has the size and speed to be something. He is still very raw but has what you look for in an outside corner.
CB Vincent Gray Michigan 72
info: NA
pros: Good length and size, 6’2 32.5 inch arms at 192. Good on the line of scrimmage, can get hands on and mirror well. Very smooth, tough to get him off balance.
cons: No urgency to play the ball, no ints and let up receptions that he was there for. Not very fast, susceptible to blazing speed. Not quick so wont be closing space well.
take: Gray is a long corner that can mirror receivers very well by playing under control. He doesn’t have the acceleration to his game to break on routes and be disruptive but he’s good enough to take a flyer on him.
CB Dallis Flowers Pitt St 72
info: NA
pros: Very good athlete, has great return ability. 6'2 190, looked like a stud against nobodies.
cons: Wouldn't say he did anything close coverage wise to what he'll do in the NFL
take: Flowers is very raw but hes a great athlete with good size.
CB Faion Hicks Wisconsin 71
info: NA
pros: Great pro day, ran a 4.38 a sub 4 shuttle and a 6.78 3 cone jumping 38 inches. Good breaking speed, can get to top speed fast. Good makeup speed, closes the gap well. Is willing to throw his body at a ball carrier.
cons: 5’10, doesn’t have good length. Won’t be able to handle bigger receivers at his size. Boom or bust tackler, can miss badly leading to big plays.
take: Hicks really helped himself with his pro day. He showed off his athleticism and it matched the tape. He may be a little small but that shouldn’t stop a team from drafting him.
CB Josh Jobe Alabama 70
info: NA
pros: Played through an injury his senior season. Alabama corner, knows his technique well. Physical player, isn’t scared to make a tackle.
cons: Older prospect, going to be 24. Senior season looked a step slow, couldn’t break fast. Not great at diagnosing routes. Overly grabby in converage,
take: Jobe is a decent athlete with solid size and played on the best team for secondary coaching in college. He isn’t very sudden and definitely not a dominate shut down corner but could be a solid 2.
CB Derion Kendrick Georgia 69
info: Kendrick was a top receiver recruit coming out of South Pointe in SC where he was named Gatorade player of the year. He committed to Clemson where he played in 15 games at WR. In 2019 he transitioned to CB where he earned the starting role and ran with it. In 2020 he was named 1st team All ACC before transferring to Georgia where he won a national championship.
pros: Resume speaks for it’s self, CB 1 and both Clemson and Georgia. Patient, doesn’t panic and open his hip too soon to run with a deep route. Good in zone, understands routes and his assignment.
cons: He’s as athletic as Jordan Davis minus 120 pounds. Super grabby, not fast so has to hold to compensate. Doesn’t want the smoke in the run game, weak tackler.
take: Kendrick is a huge disappointment, his tape was very solid but he’s not athletic enough to play in the NFL. It never seemed to hinder him in college but running a 4.7 is borderline undraftable.
CB Decobie Durant South Carolina St 71
info: NA
pros: 4.38 40 and played solid against Clemson. Super smooth hips and twitched up when breaking.
cons: 5’10 180 with 30 inch arms.
take: Durant has the movement skills you want in a corner and he played well in the slot. He’s just too small, it will drop him down boards.
CB Josh Thompson Texas 69
info: NA
pros: Solid size and speed combo, 6 foot 200 and runs a 4.4. Can break on a hitch route really well. Good physicality to his game, can bump receivers off their route well.
cons: Looks into the backfield too much and can get beat by deception. Missed 25% of his tackle opportunities. Gets burnt by double moves too easily. Doesn’t play tight in zone coverage at all.
take: Thompson may have been misused at Texas, he seems like a press man corner who was forced to play zone. He looked fluid in space but he would be beat by double moves and give too much space up all the time.
CB Johnathon Edwards Austin Peay 69
info: NA
pros: 87.7 PFF defense grade with a 91.2 run defense grade. Good size and physicality, 6’2 200 and plays strong.
cons: Not a quick or twitchy athlete.
take: Edwards looks the part out there, he’s got the size and physicality but playing against shiftier high level competition could give them issues.
CB Rashun Freeman Chattanooga 69
info: NA
pros: 90.2 PFF coverage grade. Good quickness and plays physical for size.
cons: 5’10 182, small corner.
take: Freeman played great at Chattanooga, it’s going to be a tough transition to bigger and better athletes, but he’s very good at the FCS level.
CB Caesar Williams Wisconsin 68
info: NA
pros: Solid length and size, isn’t dwarfed by receivers. Plays smooth and doesn’t try to do too much and get burnt.
cons: Doesn’t have good athletic testing. Gets stacked too easy as well as doesn’t have the quick short burst to close on routes.
take: Williams was a solid corner for the badgers defense but he may not have the athleticism to play in the NFL. He will have to get by with his solid length and football IQ.
CB Sevyn Banks Ohio St 68
info: Banks was the typical story for Ohio State. He was a 4 star recruit out of Jones Highschool in Orlando and was waiting his turn to break out after Okudah and Arnett were drafted. Unfortunately that wasn’t the case as he only played in the final 4 games of the season.
pros: Good size, 6’1 200 lbs. Very safe deep player, won’t bite on eye candy in front of him.
cons: Couldn’t get on the field his senior season. Plays with no urgency. Not a good tackler. Seems to be a cover 3/2 only player.
take: Sevyn had high hopes that he never could live up to. He isn’t much of a playmaker nor a good run support player which won’t translate to any level of football. He should be a guy to get into camp given his experience and size though.
CB KJ Smith Northern Alabama 67
info: NA
pros: 87.4 Defensive grade and an 88.4 coverage. Solid athlete, good speed and quickness on tape.
cons: Smaller corner at 5’11 185. NFL athletes will be way bigger and stronger.
take: Smith was solid for Northern Alabama but he’s not an NFL level athlete.
CB Marcus Williamson Ohio St 66
info: Williamson was another 4 star product coming out of IMG academy as a top corner back in the class. He had trouble seeing the field early do to injuries but from 2020 and on he was a consistent starter for the buckeyes secondary.
pros: A quick and twitchy athlete. Willing to play physical and run into the box.
cons: Didn’t make many plays on the ball. Small, 5’10, 190. Looked into the backfield instead of feeling routes behind him too much.
take: Williamson was a slot only player for the buckeyes do to his size. He was a very willing player when it came to contact but was to small to play through it. He should be on a training camp roster.
CB Demario McCall Ohio St 65
info: One of the top recruits in Ohio out of North Ridgeville high school committed to the buckeyes as a running back. He had a hard time getting playing time due to the loaded roster he was joining. Early in his career he got some reps late in games and produced a little. As a senior he decided to join the defensive side of the ball but still didn’t get playing time. Overall it was a disappointing career at Ohio State for the former 4 star recruit.
pros: Position Versatility. Good athlete, quick on his feet.
cons: Never got real playing time. Small, 5/9 180.
take: McCall is a good athlete but never could crack the starting lineup. Could be an interesting camp body.
CB Darion Dunn Texas 65
info: NA
pros: Played well at Mcneese, 7 ints and 83 tackles.
cons: Only played 314 snaps as a senior, transferred in from Mcneese. Ran a 4.7 40. Not a good athlete on tape. He’s not very quick and not a big guy so he’s got nothing.
take: Dunn was good a Mcneese but he probably wont be in the NFL. He probably wont be any good and may get a try out.
CB Jay Woods Tennessee Martin 65
info: NA
pros: 88.8 coverage grade.
cons: 5’9.
take: Didn’t watch.
CB Donovan Duvernay Northwestern State 64
info: NA
pros: Good change of direction testing, 6.8 3 cone and 4.09 shuttle. Brother is Devin who is an all pro return man for the Ravens.
cons: Played 54 snaps at Texas before transferring. Never recorded an interception.
take: Duvernay has no film on him and never played at Texas too much which is a bad sign. He has some athleticism to him but he’s never shown to be good.