DL Devonte Wyatt Georgia 85
info: Wyatt was a 4 star prospect coming from Decatur Georgia but he didn’t have the grades to make it to Georgia straight out of High School. He went the JUCO route at Hutchinson CC and raised his grades to make him eligible for the NCAA. He was a contributor his first two years at Georgia before coming a full time starter his Junior year. He lead the interior DL in tackles his junior year but really showed out his senior year and PFF had him graded as a 89.8 with 4 sacks, he was named to the 1st team All SEC team for the season.
pros: Super athletic for an interior lineman. First step is very quick, he can penetrate and get across lineman in a hurry. High motor, will try to chase down QBs relentlessly. Good size and power, wont get moved by one blocker.
cons: Isn’t an excellent pass rusher, doesn’t have a quick move to win with. Loses his gap integrity too often trying to make a play.
take: Wyatt jumps off the film when watching Georgias DL, you can definitely tell that he’s an NFL player. He should be able to step in and start immediately but he probably will only be a good not great DL.
DL Jordan Davis Georgia 85
info: Davis somehow was only a 3 star recruit coming out of Mallard Creek in NC but Georgia saw the 6’6 340 pounder and knew he could dominate. They were right, as a freshman he was a Freshman All American and kept getting better. By his senior year he was the Bednarik award winner 1st team All SEC and All American.
pros: Not a human, he is 6’6 340 and runs a sub 4.8 40 yard dash. Absolute monster in the run game, can throw OL man around and move them with ease. Double teams can barley move him at all. Pushes the pocket well and fires off the ball well.
cons: 3 sacks as a career high, not much production. Never played over 400 snaps in a season. Lateral movement skills leave a lot to be desired. Plays a little to high at time, being 6’6 he has to focus on firing out low.
take: Davis may be the easiest evaluation of the year. You know you are getting a big man that will stop the run and is a great athlete. His pass rush production is an unknown but he’s no liability because of his athleticism.
DL Travis Jones Uconn 78
info: Jones didn’t belong at UCONN he was one of the best DL in the country. He has gotten 8  sacks over the last 2 years and dominated Clemson when they played.
pros: Great strength at the point of attack, both holding ground in the run game and penetrating. Man handles offensive lineman while pass rushing. Good athlete on the interior, changes direction fast.
cons: Doesn’t have a plan pass rushing, just throws lineman. Doesn’t keep lineman off him in the run game. Not much real competition played.
take: Jones had some very impressive tape, especially against good competition. He still has stuff he can get better at but he has the physical ability to be a good NFL DL.
DL DeMarvin Leal Texas A&M 78
info: Leal came out of Judson high school in Texas where he was heavily recruited as a consensus 5-star recruit. He immediately made an impact starting 7 out of his first 10 games as a true freshman. With guys like him, Bobby Brown, and Buddy Johnson the 2020 Texas A&M defense was a force.
pros: Good length. Shows great bend in the run game against pull blocks. Does a great job using hands to swipe and get hand off him. Shows fantastic power in both pass and run game. Sweet spin moves especially for size.
cons: Kind of a tweaner size, to big for edge at 290. Doesn’t have the juice to get to the edge in the pass game. Not very twitchy
take: Leal has shown a great ability to put pressure on the quarterback in multiple different ways. Although he’s a bit of a tweaner he still possesses power to stop the run inside and rush on the edge. He’s a versatile defensive lineman that can contribute in any scheme from multiple positions.
DL Perrion Winfrey Oklahoma 77
info: Winfrey is another JUCO star from Iowa Western where he was rated the number 1 JUCO recruit. He didn’t have the grades initially so Iowa State recommended he goes the JUCO route but he was to heavily recruited to go to Iowa State. He was a 2 year starter for the Sooners where he was named 2nd team big 12 both years. He may have graded worse in 2021 per PFF but got 5.5 sacks to close out his college career.
pros: Quick first step that can cause penetration. When he gets hands on OL he can walk them back.
cons: He looks awkward moving in space. No  pass rush plan at all, runs forward and sees what happens. Can’t hold up in double teams, his anchor isn’t good and will get washed out.
take: Winfrey has an explosive first step and some reps that make you think he could be a force on the DL. Unfortunately there are too many plays he gets washed out of his gap and looks like he has no idea what’s going on. A team should use a late round pick to hopefully get some DL depth.
DL Dion Novil North Texas 75
info: NA
pros: 4 straight good grading years for PFF. 6’4 330, a massive dude. He is so good off the ball, an absolute missile out of his stance.
cons: Out of control, wasn’t coached well and doesn’t play within himself.
take: Novil is an animal, my jaw dropped watching a 330 pound DL move like that. He is one of the best DL off the ball in the draft and can keep getting better. He’s just played against nobody and plays out of control at times.
DL Logan Hall Houston 76
info: Hall was a 3 star recruit coming out of Belton Texas and chose to stay close to home and commit to Houston. He contributed immediately but really only produced his senior year where he racked up 6 sacks.
pros: Great length, 6’6 with long arms. Fires off the ball low and can beat 1v1s. Gets off blocks to make plays. Rushes very hard with a high motor.
cons: Can’t hold up versus double teams at all. Tweaner, between an edge and a DL. Doesn’t get his arms extended on lineman. Complained about San diego being a bit chilly.
take: Hall is a very interesting player, there’s not many 6’6 270 pound interior DL. He has a lot of things to like but finding a way on the field for him may be difficult.
DL Eyioma Uwazurike Iowa St 76
info: NA
pros: Solid build, 6’6 316 35 inch arms and a solid athlete. Played 5 years and started 4 years. Great at pushing the pocket with length.
cons: No pass rush moves, doesn’t even attempt it. Not quick, won’t make any quick sudden moves. Plays a little too high at times.
take: Uwazurike has a freaky build at 6’6 320 with long arms. He’s great at pushing a pocket and can be solid in the run game, but for 4 years he hasn’t shown any next level moves/plays.
DL Curtis Brooks Cincinnati 75
info: NA
pros: Very good pro day numbers, 4.86 36 inch vert and 33 bench reps. 90+ pass rush grade. Great athlete, make guards look silly at times and closes ground in a hurry.
cons: 6’2 287 he’s undersized. Doesn’t have much length and didn’t play amazing against the run.
take: Brooks is an Arron Donald prototype, undersize but a freaky athlete. He’s no Donald but he’s got a skill set that can be used well in the NFL.
DL Otito Ogbonnia UCLA 74
info: Ogbonnia is a Nigerian born player who was a good prospect coming out of Texas. He not only is good at football but he plans to become a lawyer after his football career and was on the deans list every year. He became a full time starter his senior year and was a solid presence in the middle of the Bruins defense.
pros: Massive dude, 6’4 330. Hard to move, takes a double team to get him back.
cons: No pass rush, moves aren’t there. Slow pass rush, slow out of stance, slow running, slow changing direction.
take: Ogbonnia is a run stopping DL that can’t rush the passer. If your looking for a big body to take up a gap he’s worth a pick but doesn’t have anything passed that.
DL Kalia Davis UCF 73
info: NA
pros: Stout build at 6’1 302 with 33.5 inch arms. Quick off the line, can get lateral in a hurry. Controls blocks well by getting in to his pads well. Flashes quick pass rushes.
cons: Played 5 games his senior season and missed all of 2020. A lot of non effective pass rushes, doesn’t collapse pocket or put a move on consistently.
take: Davis has a lot to like about his game, he is a stout quick lineman that flashed when he played. The only concern is the lack of actual playing he did, he missed so much time with injury and lacks the pass rush to be a
DL Thomas Booker Stanford 73
info: NA
pros: Very good athlete, at 6’3 310 he did 31 reps on the bench and ran a sub 5 second 40. 3 year starter as well as a team captain. Can hold up well in the run game 1v1.
cons: Never graded well in PFF over his career. Almost no pass rush production or moves to his game. Get beat by double teams bad.
take: Booker has the makeup for a great 3-4 D end with his strength and athleticism. He hasn’t shown much in pass rush or any production, but he has the potential to have a solid career.
DL Neil Farrell LSU 73
info: Farrell was a 3 star recruit coming out of mobile Alabama and committed to LSU. He played all 5 years at LSU but didn’t become a full time starter until 2021 (thanks to a loaded DL room in LSU). But he made the most of it by grading close to 90 for PFF and being named 2nd ALL SEC by the AP.
pros: One of the best run defenders in the class. Good extension to keep OL off of him. Great power, hard to move backwards and resets the line of scrimmage. Great at shedding blocks once a RB commits to a hole.
cons: Not a good athlete, his first step isn’t good and he can’t shoot gaps. No pass rush to speak of other than a straight bull rush.
take: Farrell is a run stopper and there is no doubt about it. At 6’4 320 and as strong as he is I have no doubts he will continue to be a plus defender against the run. He has his pass game limitations but a run stuffing DT is still valuable.
DL Phidarian Mathis Alabama 73
info: Mathis was a consensus 4 star recruit out of Louisiana and committed to bama over hometown LSU. He red shirted his freshman year in 2017 and got more and more playing time every year. His final year was his best registering 9 sacks and was a team captain for the Tide.
pros: Great holding up to doubles in the run game, tough guy to move. Has shown good pass rush moves both on the interior and on the tackle. Pushes the pocket well with long arms.
cons: Comes off the ball slower than you would like to see. Not a good athlete, lets QBs scramble away from him easily.
take: Mathis is another big strong interior player for Alabama. He’s not an elite athlete like his former predecessors, but he is a strong run defender that should be able to play in the NFL (especially on early downs).
DL Jared Brinkman Northern Iowa 72
info: NA
pros: FCS All American with back to back conference defensive player of the years. Graded 87+ for 3 straight years, always has been a dominate run defender. Played great against Iowa state, reset the line of scrimmage each play, can 2 gap and penetrate. Super strong with his hands, he packs a punch and can throw OL around.
cons: Played in the FCS and was 6’2 290. Short arms, can’t keep OL off him with that size.
take: Brinkman has the greatest FCS interior DL tape I’ve seen, he has heavy hands and resets the line of scrimmage every play. It’s an unknown how going against NFL guards every play will go because his length. Everything else it top tier though and he should get drafted.
DL Mathew Butler Tennessee 72
info: NA
pros: Solid build and length, 6’4 300 33.5 inch arms. Good at shooting gaps, can get upfield well. High motor, always pushing to get into the backfield. Strong base, hand to move out of the way 1v1.
cons: Doesn’t control lineman in the run game, doesn’t get hands on. Doesn’t read blocks well at all, goes straight up the field. His pass rush is average, he throws rip moves but doesn’t have the punch behind his moves.
take: Butler is a well built solid defensive lineman that could add depth to a team. He will never be a plus starter because he’s not an elite athlete or good rusher, but he’s very solid.
DL DJ Davidson Arizona St 71
info: NA
pros: Good Build, 6’3 327 and 33 inch arms. 76 PFF grade in 2021. Stout in the run game, can hold his gap very well and hold a double team.
cons: No pass rush, only a pocket pusher.
take: Davidson has the size and film to be a good run stuffing DL, that’s about all he can be though, he lacks any quick twitch.
DL Ralph Holley Western Michigan 72
info: NA
pros: Back to back 90/88 Pass rush grades. Great quick moves off the line to win immediately. Good get off, can get in the backfield fast.
cons: Wont be 2 gapping, not a stout run defender.
take: Holley is an attacking DL that excels at firing off the ball and getting up field.
DL Matt Henningsen Wisconsin 70
info: NA
pros: Good against the run, can hold the point of attack well. Great hands in the run game, strikes well and rips off.
cons: On the smaller side at 6’2 286. Not much pass rush to his game, more of a 2 down player.
take: Henningsen is your typical 2 down stop the run player. He is very sound in his assignments but doesn’t offer anything extra.
DL Chris Hinton Michigan 70
info: NA
pros: 5 star recruit and a true junior. His dad was an 8 time all pro OL and he was in the National Honors society. Solid anchor in the run game, can extend and hold his gap well.
cons: Has 1 career sack and in his lone season starting he had a 63.8 grade. Only average testing numbers, 5.3 40 and 32 inch vert at 6’4 305 with 32.5 inch arms. No suddenness to his game, doesn’t have a pass rush move or any quickness.
take: Hinton is a sub par athlete that is a solid run defender and a young player. Although he was a 5 star recruit, he won’t be a highly thought of prospect.
DL Noah Elliss Idaho 69
info: NA
pros: Big man, 6.4 346 pounds, his dad is a former all pro. Good anchor, can hold down the line of scrimmage well.
cons: No real competition. Doesn’t have much behind his game, no athleticism or moves.
take: Elliss is a big man who can play 0 tech for a team. He’s not that good though he doesn’t offer much upside, just a big body.
DL Manny Jones Colorado St 69
info: NA
pros: 5 years of playing, 2,200 snaps and graded above 70 each time. 6’4 290, solid DL size. Solid athlete, can move for the interior.
cons: Never dominated any year, just stayed stagnant. Not the strongest in the run game.
take: Jones was solid for Colorado State, a mainstay on that DL and played well for them. He’s on the weaker side and can’t hold up to double teams.
DL Kevin Atkins Fresno St 69
info: NA
pros: Good interior rusher, got 8 sacks and can win with quickness at 300 ponuds.
cons: Don’t see him 2 gapping and can play out of control.
take: Atkins has impressive reps displaying quickness and the ability to pass rush. He didn’t grade that well at fresno which is concering.
DL Julius Turner Rutgers 69
info: NA
pros: 72.6 grade and 76 pass rush grade. Quick swim move to beat lineman quick.
cons: 6 foot 270, undersized. Played as a slant NT, not his NFL position.
take: Turner isn’t the prototypical DL but he has quickness and wins in his own way.
DL Haskell Garrett Ohio St 68
info: Haskell was a 4 star recruit coming out of the power house HS Bishop Gorman in LV. He has been a consistent force on the Ohio State DL for the last 5 years and was looking for a breakout season before he turned pro. He never really got that season unfortunately and had to compete with a crowded DL room for reps.
pros: Shows a variety of pass rush moves. Has some plays where he explodes off the line and splits double teams. Uses a swim move to shed defenders well.
cons: Doesn’t have a bull rush to his game. Has no anchor in the run game. Not very disruptive at any point in his career.
take: Garrett should have been dominating OL because he was a 5th year senior, but he always seemed out matched in the strength department. This doesn’t project well and he at most could be a rotational depth piece on the DL.
DL John Ridgeway Arkansas 68
info: Ridgeway played 4 years at Illinois state where in 2018 he was named an FCS All American. He transferred to Arkansas for his final year where he started for the razorbacks. He finished the season with 2 sacks and a 60 grade from PFF.
pros: Large man 6’6 320. Good length, he can extend well.
cons: He gets blown off the ball consistently. No twitch to his game, just a big guy not much of an athlete.
take: Ridgeway is another big body guy that can’t hold up against better competition. He doesn’t have the strength to play the run and isn’t much of a pass rusher. He should get a shot on a roster but he doesn’t seem to be a high level player.
DL Labryan Ray Alabama 68
info: NA
pros: Good at holding his spot in the run game. Even at 283 he can handle anything in the run game.
cons: Bit of a tweener at 6’4 283 (only 8 inch hands). Didn’t get that many snaps over his 5 seasons. No pass rush to his game, cant bull or get around.
take: Ray is an undersized run stopper which isn’t a good combo. He should get a chance but should be undrafted.
DL Jacob Powell Illinois St 68
info: NA
pros: 87 PFF grade and a 90.7 PFF run defense grade. Solid anchor and can reset the line in the run game.
cons: 6’1, not much length to his game. Has very little pass rush, no moves and can only stunt.
take: Powell is a solid run defender but it was in a lower level with not an ideal build.
DL Demetrius Taylor Appalachian St 68
info: NA
pros: All sun belt 1st team, solid run defender.
cons: Shorter without much length. Played edge which is not his position.
take: Taylor has a weird build and played out of place, he missed a bunch of tackles but his coaches loved him.
DL Luc Bequette Cal 68
info: NA
pros: Graded a 78.3 as a junior. Won the best DL at Cal award 3 times.
cons: 6th year DL, 25 years old. Doesn’t have the length.
take: Not much of an NFL DL with his size and lack of domination as a 6th year player.
DL CJ Brewer Costal Carolina 68
info: NA
pros: Team Captain and first team All Sun Belt. A lot of good experience, 78 PFF grade his senior year with 2,680 snaps.
cons: 6’2 288, a little undersized. Not the level of athlete needed to counteract size deficiency.
take: Brewer was a very solid DL for Costal, grading well every year and being a key piece for their defense. He’s just not physically what you look for in a NFL DL.
DL Donta Wilson Georgia St 68
info: NA
pros:  Team captain and 2,445 career snaps. 3 straight 80+ graded seasons. 22 pressures from the interior his senior year and played the pass well.
cons: 6 foot 275 just a small dude.
take: Wilson is a small DL, he played well but 6 foot 270 is small.
DL Roderick Perry Illinois 68
info: NA
pros: 6’1 304 and dominated at south Carolina state. 74.2 PFF grade in 2021.
cons: 6th year senior. Doesn’t have good length.
take: Perry was pretty good for Illinois and great for South Carolina State. He wont be a very impactful DT in the NFL but he could play.
DL John Tate Memphis 68
info: NA
pros: Trys very hard, gives it his all every rush.
cons: Couldn’t hold up in the run game at nose.
take: Tate was a solid lineman for Memphis who can add some pass rush help. He was playing out of position at nose though, he wasn’t great in the run game.
DL Jabari Ellis South Carolina 68
info: NA
pros: Team captain in 2021. Good get off and can be a decent interior rusher.
cons: Super senior, older prospect. On the lighter side, 278 can get pushed around.
take: Ellis was a team leader but he’s definitely undersized, he may be able to crack a DL rotation.
DL Dalyn Wade-Perry Stanford 68
info: NA
pros: 6’3 340, he’s a big boy. Showed flashes that he can move.
cons: 52,2 grade and had a career 23% missed tackle rate.
take: Wade-Perry is a massive dude that is not an athlete, but god only made so many people his size.
DL Cody Roscoe Syracuse 67
info: NA
pros: Stupid athletic, had a great pro day. Great production, 12 sacks for his final year with 110 pressures in 4 years. Named to the first team All ACC team in 2021 and won the Tim Green Award for best Cuse DL. Good bend for a bigger guy, can change direction well. Has good acceleration off the line and can be dangerous off stunts.
cons: Undersized DL, 6’1 275 pounds. On the older side, 2016 his career started and McNeese State. Tough against the run, has no length to hold his ground. Unless he gets to a spot he has no rush moves to win 1v1.
take: Roscoe is a great athlete with less than ideal size. He showed a lot of promise at cuse but his length will limit him, no chance he can be a dominate player.
DL Jared Schiess Weber St 67
info: NA
pros: Played well in run defense against FCS competition. Has the size, 6’3 300 and didn’t get pushed around vs Utah.
cons: Doesn’t have any real pass rush, just a guy out there. Worst game by a lot was against Utah.
take: Schiess is a great FCS player that severely dropped off against Utah.
DL Trevon Mason Arizona 67
info: NA
pros: Had a 70,4 pass rush grade and is 6’6 290.
cons: 55.8 run defense on a struggling Arizona defense.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Nolan Cockrill Army 67
info: NA
pros: 75.5 PFF grade, solid against the run.
cons: Not a good pass rusher, max 68 PFF grade.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Marcus Brown Cincinnati 67
info: NA
pros: Decent against the run, will do a good job of holding his spot.
cons: 6th year senior, older prospect. No pass rush or athleticism to his game.
take: Brown was a fine player in college but he’s not much of an NFL prospect.
DL Ben Stille Nebraska 67
info: NA
pros: 6’5 290 and had 3 straight 70+ PFF grades.
cons: Terrible athlete, can’t move out there.
take: Stille is just not an NFL athlete, although he was very productive.
DL Derrick Tangelo Penn St 67
info: NA
pros: Graded 75 for 4 straight years at duke. Solid athlete for size, fires of the ball well.
cons: Dropped to a 63 PFF grade in 2021. Doesn’t use his hands well.
take: Tangelo has the physical ability he just doesn’t play the position well.
DL Kolo Uasike UNLV 67
info: NA
pros: 5’11 309, stout run stuffer. 4 straight years of good run defense grades.
cons: No length. Not much of a mover.
take: He’s a short stout run defender, he’s just so slow.
DL Antwuan Jackson Ohio St 66
info: Jackson was the Georgia Gatorade player of the year which was quite the accomplishment. He committed and attended Auburn for his first year of college before going to a local JUCO college. He dominated there becoming the nations top JUCO recruit and committing to Ohio State. There he was used mostly as a early down rotational DL that never flashed that much.
pros: Solid in the run game against power. Was the Georgia player of the year so showed flashed in HS and JUCO.
cons: Never really impacted games at Ohio State. No pass rush to his game. Not explosive off the ball.
take: Jackson was just another guy along side a crowded Ohio State DL. Maybe an NFL training camp can get him to reach his potential but it doesn’t seem likely that he will be an impact player in the NFL.
DL Toby Mcbride Colorado St 66
info: NA
pros: Trey’s brother, good genes. Graded solid every year.
cons: 6th year senior, old prospect. A little undersized, not that strong.
take: Mcbrides brother may be better but he’s solid non the less, possible camp body.
DL Nicholas McCann Texas St 66
info: NA
pros: 6’2 310, solid size. Played Ok every year.
cons: 61 grade in his one full time year.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Caleb Spurlin Appalachian St 65
info: NA
pros: He’s 5’11 240 which is sweet.
cons: Hes way too small.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Elijah James Liberty 65
info: NA
pros: 6’5 300 great size.
cons: 65 grade at liberty.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Sam Okuayinonu Maryland 65
info: NA
pros: 6’1 290 and played edge.
cons: Can’t play edge in the NFL.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Jeremy Meiser Northwestern 65
info: NA
pros: 6’2 296 and had a 67 PFF grade.
cons: Nothing Special.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Elijah Garcia Rice 65
info: NA
pros: 6’5 300, big DL.
cons: 6th year senior, old and didn’t “break out”.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Hauati Pututau Utah 65
info: NA
pros: 6’3 309, has the size and run defense.
cons: Missed over 26% of his tackles.
take: Pututau is a decent DL, he can get off the ball well but doesn’t hold his ground.
DL Jeremy Darvin Western Kentucky 65
info: NA
pros: 6’1 300 pounds with 1,787 career snaps.
cons: Graded as a 53.5 in 2021.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Keonte Schad Oregon St 64
info: NA
pros: 4 sacks in 2021.
cons: 6’2 288, underized.
take: Didn’t watch.
DL Marcus Moore Utah St 63
info: NA
pros: Rushes very aggressively.
cons: 6’2 255, too small.
take: Moore is too small to play on the DL.
DL Jordan Jackson Air Force 68
info: NA
pros: Air Force product that is 6'4 298 and 33 inch arms.
cons: Not much power to his game, needs a better anchor.
take: Jackson has the motor and size but lacks the strength to hold up on the interior.
DL Jonathan Ford Miami 67
info: NA
pros: 6’5 333, good size and a 3 year starter.
cons: Had little to no production and isn’t very athletic.
take: Ford is a big body that doesn’t have the movement skills.
DL Marquan Mccall Kentucky 69
info: NA
pros: 6’3 340 with 33 inch arms. Former 4 star recruit as a OG. Solid at holding his ground with his anchor.
cons: Not much of a pass rusher, doesn’t have the juice.
take: Mccall is a mountain with very long arms, if a strength coach can get to him he could be dangerous.
DL Jayden Peevy Texas A&M 71
info: NA
pros: 6’5 308 with 35.5 inch arms, super long. Gets hands on guys well and flashes very good reps.
cons: Not an athlete, 5.3 with a 27 inch vert. Looks sluggish at times, like he’s out of shape.
take: Peevy has a great 3-4 DE build and has shown good reps on tape. He just looks too heavy where it hinders his athleticism and he’s not even that big.
