EDGE Aidan Hutchinson Michigan 93
info: Hutchinson was a stud playing at Divine Child in Michigan where he viewed as a top recruit in Michigan. He committed to his home state college where he played as a true freshman. His junior year he got some starts but unfortunately he fractured his leg and missed the rest of that year. He came back with a vengeance his senior year racking up 13 sacks in the regular season and beating Ohio State getting double digit pressures. He was named first team All-Big 10 and was the best defensive player in the country.
pros: Great Build for the position. Murdered the Ohio State tackles all game. Some of the best hand usage I’ve seen in college football. Has a hist of moves to beat tackles and get hands off him. Has good bend. Holds up against the run well. High motor, many pressures come because he didn’t give up. Hand placement is great. Timed a lot of snaps to get a good jump.
cons: He’s no freak athlete, definitely not an elite athlete. Penn States tackles did a good job against him.
take: Aidan Hutchinson will be a good if not great edge rusher in the NFL. He has shown all the skill needed to be a successful pass rusher and can play both the run and pass very well.
EDGE Kayvon Thibodeaux Oregon 88
info: Coming out of Oaks Christian in California Thibodeaux was a widely recruited 5-star prospect with all the tools you could want in an edge player. He’s 6’5 250 freaky athlete that came to Oregon in 2019 and immediately made an impact putting up 9 sacks and garnering every freshman award he could. He followed that up with another good season in 2020 and was named to the All-American team for his efforts. 2021 he did more of the same, he was named to the All-PAC 12 first team and dominated all year.
pros: Great build for the position, looks like he was made in madden. Uses length well, gets his hands on you first and has a mean long arm. Mad man trying to get the quarterback when not tired. The get off is far better than anyone else on the field. Beat Vera-Tucker with some nice speed rushes. Uses hands well on predetermined pass rush moves. Goes for the ball very well.
cons: Tackles can push him around in the run game. No feel for coverage at all. Bend isn’t a strength for him. Not very good at hand fighting.
take: Thibodeaux is next in line for “generational talent” being 6’5 250 and having unbelievable burst and length. He came in as a freshman and immediately produced and has become the most impressive rusher in all of college football. If a team wants to upgrade their rush he will step right in and make an impact.
EDGE George Karlaftis Purdue 86
info: Karalaftis didn’t start playing football until he was in 8th grade after moving from Greece to the US. He immediately became an impact player and was rated as a 4 star recruit from all major recruiting sites. He was invited to the Army All American bowl where he was named defensive player of the year. He immediately got playing time as a freshman and was named to the Freshman All American team. He followed that up his junior year be being voted first team All Big 10 and putting an impressive season together that was affected by covid.
pros: Great size to his frame. Made an impact as a young player and played well as an underclassmen. Uses his hands extremely well to get blockers off him. Wide variety of pass rush moves that win. Good bull rush. Times up snaps well. Strong in the run game. Rushed from many different spots.
cons: Isn’t an elite athlete. Doesn’t have top end bend. Looks to guess in run game every once in a while.
take: Karalaftis is a very impressive edge rusher as well as a strong defender in the run game. He does everything at a high level and is expected to translate to the NFL. He will never be a Myles Garrett but with is ability he will be a productive edge player.
EDGE Travon Walker Georgia 87
info: Walker was a 5 star recruit out of Upson-Lee where he was dominate and commited to his home state Georgia Bulldogs. He got immediate playing time as a freshman where he was named to the freshman all American team. He never had a fantastic season but he did end on a high note after winning the national championship for the Bulldogs.
pros: Built in a lab, 6’5 270 ran a 4.5 40, 6.89 3 cone and has 35+ inch arms. Great against the run, very strong and long arms. Bull rush is easy for him with his size and length.
cons: Wasn’t a dominate rusher in college, more of a toolsy player. Raw pass rusher without many reps, Georgia liked to stunt and blitz off the edge. Unknown if he can get the edge and bend around.
take: Walker is a certified freak show, Georgia didn’t lack in the DL department this year. He is the edge prospect you dream up of but he never had to develop his pass rush moves. He needs to continue to work on his pass rush moves but he could be a dominate pass rusher given time.
EDGE Jermain Johnson Florida St 86
info: Johnson is an interesting story, he came out of Eden Prairie in Minnesota with a 1.9 gpa so when to Independence Community College which was featured on Last Chance U. For some reason they didn’t feature him but he was the top juco recruit and committed to Georgia. He never could crack the starting lineup at star studed Georgia so he transferred again to Florida State. He broke out there getting 12 sacks his final year and got the most 1st team All ACC Votes.
pros: Great hesitation-swipe-rip move around tackles. Good length, gets hands on lineman and keeps them away. Good bust off the line, gets in the backfield fast. Good build for an edge 6’5 260. Sets a nice edge and doesn’t get moved.
cons: Doesn’t have an elite trait to fall back on.
take: Johnson went to the only place in the country that he couldn’t start immediately. He showed at Florida State though that he is the real deal and has everything you want in an edge player. He may not be the elite player that teams love at edge but he certainly is a good prospect with very little limitations.
EDGE Sam Williams Ole Miss 80
info: NA
pros: Great athlete, good size at 6’4 260 with a 4.46 40. Got 13 sacks his final year with 61 total pressures. Very good first step, in the backfield in a hurry. Can win with both speed and power. Uses his hands well when rushing, can get OL hands off him well. Has the bend to beat tackles outside.
cons: Not the strongest against the run game. Doesn’t look like he even tries to play the run correct, lets them right into his pads.
take: Williams is a very talented pass rusher, he is the most slept on edge prospect in this draft. His issues include playing the run and a single year of pass rush production, but he’s physically gifted and will be a solid rusher.
EDGE Arnold Ebiketie Penn St 81
info: Ebiketie broke out his senior year at temple which allowed him a shot to play as a grad transfer at Penn State. His final “COVID” year had him named an All AAC 2nd team member getting 4 sacks inf 350 pass rushes. He continued his play at Penn State getting 9.5 sacks and was named 1st team all big 10.
pros: Has the combination of speed and speed to power. Great inside counter with a hand swipe to the inside. Good at setting an edge and getting blockers off his body. Has a nice speed rush to his game.
cons: Only produced once he was an older player in football. Isn’t an elite athlete at the edge position. Plays too high at times.
take: Ebiketie showed that his last year wasn’t a fluke, He dominated Big 10 tackles. He showed that he has the ability to win with speed power and a counter. Although he’s no Oweh or freak athlete he dominated tackles game in and game out.
EDGE David Ojabo Michigan 79
info: Ojabo has now played football for 5 years in his life and he absolutely dominated. He is originally from Nigeria and decided to pick up football his junior year and immediately showed that he was a special athlete. He committed to Michigan coming out of New Jersey and didn’t get playing time until his junior year. That junior year he showed out, alongside Hutchinson he was named 1st team All Big 10 getting 7 sacks (11 per ESPN).
pros: Great Length, keeps blockers away from his body. Has a great swipe/rip and dip move. Counters with a nice spin move so not just one trick. Good build, 6’5 250 with room for more mass.
cons: Not much of a run defender, gets moved too easy. No bull rush to his game, although it can be added. One year of tape. Tore his achilles on his pro day
take: Ojabo had a great opening season to his career, he was a great 2nd rusher to Hutchinson. He may not be fully developed at this point but there is a lot about his game to get excited about.
EDGE Cameron Thomas San Diego St 78
info: Thomas was a 3 star 6’5 edge player coming out of Carlsbad California and somehow was only recruited by San Diego State. He proved that it was a mistake, by his 2nd year he was a 1st team all mountain west team and was for the next 2 years as well.
pros: Great size for an edge, especially with his movement skills. He has shown he can rush from both edge and interior. Great hands, swims rips and swipes OL hands away and easily gets buy them. Great power and extension, keeps blockers off him easily.
cons: Didn’t play top competition. Not an elite bender around the edge, he’s not an elite athlete
take: Thomas may be the steal of the draft, he has shown he can rush at a high level for 3 straight years. He can do it all, has the size and athleticism to be a great edge and already has shown refinement in pass rushing
EDGE Boye Mafe Minnesota 78
info: Boye didn’t have many offers after his senior season in Minnesota so he went to a Minnesota camp where he drew attention and was offered to join the Golden Gophers. He has been a steady contributor to the team after his redshirt freshman year which lead to his best season as a 5th year senior. He was a team captain and he got 7 sacks and was named 3rd team All Big 10.
pros: Great athlete with an explosive get off. High motor player that gives it 100%. Good length and build as a 3-4 backer.
cons: Doesn’t have the play strength to hold up in the run or walk tackles back. Doesn’t have a refined pass set, relies on athleticism.
take: Mafe has all the tools you want in an edge rusher, he has the motor and athleticism. The issue is his strength and development which is a real concern because it’s his 5th year. He will at least be a good candidate for a special teams player at the worst.
EDGE Nik Bonitto Oklahoma 77
info: NA
pros: 3 year starter that improved every year. He had back to baack 92+ PFF pass rush grades. Super quick rusher, burns tackles with quick inside moves. Can bend around the edge well, good get off and bend.
cons: Doesn’t have the ideal size, 6’3 with 32 inch arms. Weak in the run game, will get bullied. No power rush to his game, never attempted to.
take: Bonitto is a pass rush specialist, he’s been a great rusher in college but never showed out in the run game. He has the quickness to be a good pass rusher but not the strength to be an every down player.
EDGE Deangelo Malone Western Kentucky 76
info: Malone has had success his entire career, in high school he won a 3A state championship in Georgia but still wasn’t heavily recruited. He went to Western Kentucky and had a solid first two years then exploded his junior year and won Conference USA player of the year. He never had that double digit sack season again but he was an ultra productive player for them.
pros: Explosive athlete, moves at a different speed. Can win with speed and bend the edge. Quick twitch inside move to counter speed.
cons: Not a strong player, run defense needs to improve and put on more muscle. Played against low level competition.
take: I don’t know how Malone was a 2 star recruit but that was a mistake, not many 6’4 250 pounders can move like he does. If a team adds some strength to him he could be a great edge player.
EDGE Drake Jackson USC 76
info: Jackson came in to USC ready to play out of Centennial HS in California. He immediately started for the trojans where he got 5.5 sacks and was name All Pac 12 2nd team and Freshman All American. He did more of the same his second year and slightly improved his junior year where he was also voted 2nd team All Pac 12.
pros: Relentless to the ball, has one thing on his mind and that’s to get the ball. Good speed rush and solid flexibility.
cons: Thin frame and not much strength. No real pass rush moves, just tries to get around the defender.
take: Drake Jackson has been a solid player for the Trojans and graded well for PFF. His size and strength isn’t NFL ideal though which means a team would need to develop him and he’s not going to produce early.
EDGE Josh Paschal Kentucky 76
info: Paschal was a 4 star recruit out of Good Counsel in Maryland. He committed to Kentucky and played there for 6 years. In 2018 he was diagnosed with malignant melanoma and received treatment for it which explains his down year in 2018. From 2019 on he was a team captain for them and was named 2nd team All SEC after a 90 graded PFF season.
pros: Plays great run defense as an edge, can’t block him with a college TE. Versatile pass rusher, has won from the inside and out. Showed pretty good play recognition his senior year which allowed him to make more plays. Uses a variety of moves to beat defenders 1v1.
cons: Doesn’t have good length for the edge position. His burst off the line is pretty average. Isn’t a plus NFL athlete and at the edge that will hurt him.
take: Paschal was a good college player that may not translate to the NFL well. He doesn’t win with his athleticism and has some trouble holding up against power. He’s a guy because of intangibles that you would take a chance on but he may not ever be a good/great pass rusher.
EDGE Dominique Robinson Miami OH 75
info: NA
pros: Good edge makeup, 6’5 260 and can jump over 40 inches with solid bench and 40 numbers. Former wide receiver that switched to edge in 2020. Wins well with speed, good hand swipe and bend. Played great for an edge that only has 2 years of experience.
cons: Not many snaps at edge over his career, pretty raw still. A little thin, has trouble setting a hard edge. Not sure if he can win with power, may only bee a “speed” rusher. Not many pass rush moves, basically just hand swipe.
take: Robinson is one of the long smooth edge defenders that can win around the edge. He hasn’t played there too long but he has been very solid and rushed the passer well.
EDGE Amare Barno Virginia Tech 74
info: Barno out of Blythewood South Carolina went the JUCO route before committing to Virginia Tech. He didn’t play in 2019 when he first got there as he wasn’t cut out for linebacker. He moved to positions and saw much more success getting 6 sacks his first year playing edge.
pros: Good length, 6’6 and looks long. Moves very well in space, change of direction and acceleration. Gets off the ball very well, usually the first player up field. My guy ran a 4.36 which is absurd.
cons: Doesn’t have much strength to his game, Thin frame right now. No great pass rush moves, doesn’t have the power and doesn’t use his hands well.
take: Barno is an interesting prospect, he’s very athletic and long which are two things you look for in an edge. If a team develops him and adds size he could turn into a really good pro.
EDGE Kingsley Enagbare South Carolina 74
info: Enagbore was a 4 star coming out of Hapeville Charter in Atlanta Georgia. He immediately found playing time at South Carolina and only got better from there. By his Junior year he was a full time starter and was named 1st team All SEC by the coaches. His senior year he didn’t get as much production or recognition but his PFF substantially went up.
pros: Good size and length for an edge, 6’4 260. Solid pass rush repertoire, has one in a variety of ways. Good change of direction skills, can sink his hips and accelerate.
cons: Didn’t play strong in the run game, got bullied too often. Isn’t a very good speed rusher, don’t see him get the edge and bend well.
take: Enagbare stands out when you look at South Carolinas defense. He’s a big athletic edge that has made some nice plays for them but ultimately he’s been inconsistent. He gets pushed around to much and shut down in his rush too much as well to draft him highly.
EDGE Myjai Sanders Cincinnati 73
info: Sanders was a 3 star recruit coming out of Jacksonville FL and passed on offers from Ole Miss and Washington State to join the bearcats and become a staple of their dominate run. He saw playing time his freshman year and was a full time starter by his sophomore year. His Junior and Senior year were impressive as he was a Bednarik semi finalist and All AAC both years.
pros: Long arms to keep blockers away. Great pass rush moves using hand swipes. A few reps of great explosion off the ball when he’s guessing the snap. Motor is there, always trying to get in the play. Not bad against the run given his frame.
cons: Not a great athlete. Don’t see much twitch or quickness to his game. A slender frame that will hurt him holding up against NFL run blocking. Not much bend at the top of rushes, doesn’t scare with a speed rush.
take: Sanders had a very productive career at Cinci due to his length motor and ability to win with hands. He isn’t the elite athlete that you would like at the edge but he should be able to contribute in the NFL.
EDGE Zach VanValkenburg Iowa 73
info: NA
pros: Solid size 6’4 270 and 84.2 PFF grade. Fires off the ball, sets his edge very well. High motor and uses hands very well to get off blocks.
cons: Already 24. Not much of a pass rusher, not a lot of 1v1 reps.
take: VanValkenburg was great for the hawkeyes, he was a leader of that defense and played the run great.
EDGE Esezi Otomewo Minnesota 72
info: Otomewo wasn’t recruited heavily which in my opinion was a mistake. He’s a big physical edge guy that is a solid athlete. He committed to Minnesota where he was named Scout team player of the year and Defensive Freshman of the year for the Gophers. He started at the end of his career never rally racking up sacks but being a solid player for the Gophers.
pros: Big strong edge defender. Strong at point of impact, doesn’t get moved easily and con bull rush. Good get off, gets on the backfield fast. Showed a nice inside swim against OSU.
cons: No flexibility shown in his film, never speed rushed. No production in the passing game, not much to offer.
take: Otomewo will definitely set a good edge for your team, He’s 6’6 280 and has strong hands. He’s never going to be a good pass rusher but could develop into a solid one meaning he would be a good starter.
EDGE Will McDonald Iowa St 72
info: NA
pros: Great senior season, 3rd team All American and 1st team all big 12. Great speed and bend, can be a good NFL pass rusher.
cons: Less than 1000 career snaps and a sub 70 PFF grade in 2021. Will not play the run well, slimmer edge.
take: McDonald is a pass rush specialist right now, he’s got good speed and bend and has the production to go with it.
EDGE Mika Tafua Utah 72
info: NA
pros: 6’3 250, solid size. Improved every year finishing with 74 pressures and an 88 pass rush grade. Great pass rush moves, has great counters and jumps snaps well.
cons: Doesn’t have much length to his game and isn’t the best run defender.
take: Tafua is a pass rush specialist, but actually has the size for it. He’s got a lot of good moves and uses his quickness to beat tackles.
EDGE Alex Wright UAB 72
info: NA
pros: PFF C-USA DPOY. Great size,6’5 271 with 34 inch arms. Graded well every year with 5 sacks his freshman year. Young player who already has decent strength on the edge.
cons: Played a low level of competition. Only played 472 snaps his senior year. Doesn’t jump off the field with his get off. Doesn’t set a hard enough edge or dominate the lower level OL.
take: Wright is very unpolished, he has the size and solid production but that’s it. He’s not a very good athlete and it’s unknown if he can compete in the NFL.
EDGE Tyreke Smith Ohio St 71
info: Smith was a hometown hero for the buckeyes, after dominating at Cleveland Heights he committed to Ohio State. He saw action immediately as a true freshman which is impressive given the talent they have had. He never really produced any big numbers though as he finished his career with 8 total sacks.
pros: Loves to hand fight and get the OL off of him when he pass rushes. Solid athlete for the defensive end position. Long arms to keep defenders off. Very good pass rush win rate.
cons: He had no real pass rush plan, just to get the hands off him. No power to his game, no bull rush and mediocre at holding an edge. Slim Frame for a EDGE, needs to really bulk up but already is a senior.
take: Smith has some tools that are good for an edge player but he really lacks the size to be contributing to an NFL team. A team could take him late and put some size on him and coach him up to be a solid player though.
EDGE Christopher Allen Alabama 71
info: NA
pros: Played well in the 10 snaps he had his final year. Has an NFL build, 6’3.5 241 and 33 inch arms and looks athletic. Looks stout in the run game, muscular frame. Has the athleticism to rush the passer well.
cons: Injury cut short his senior season after 10 snaps. Never really seen him do anything because of injuries.
take: Allen may be the biggest unknown in the class because his injuries. He certainly looks the part and is a good athlete which could develop to a good edge rusher.
EGDE Jeffrey Gunter Coastal Carolina 71
info: NA
pros: Good size, 6’4 260 with 33 inch arms and solid jumping numbers. Solid pass rushing with the long arm and good counter.
cons: Doesn’t look like his motor is always on, he is inconsistent in good reps.
take: Gunter definitely has the frame and solid enough athleticism to be a good edge rusher in the NFL. He flashed moments where he dominates OL but in the lower level competition you would like to see more of his athleticism pop off the screen.
EDGE Jacub Panasiuk Michigan St 71
info: NA
pros: 82.8 grade in 2021 with 73 pressures and 11 sacks. Solid in the run game, can hold his edge and uses his hands well in the pass game.
cons: Not a long or good athlete, doesn’t have the bend in the edge rush your looking for.
take: Panasiuk is a limited athlete at edge, he’s got great production and is a solid player but wont be a top end rusher.
EDGE Keshawn Banks San Diego St 71
info: NA
pros: 6’4 265 and a high motor rusher. 2 straight 69 grades. 59 pressures in 2021, 73 pass rush grade. Good change of direction and has some bend to him.
cons: Don’t see much power in his rushes, more of a high motor guy. Not the best edge setter could get better there.
take: Banks made a formidable duo with Cam Thomas by rushing the passer at 100% effort. He’s not the high level pass rusher that wins by himself but he’s got it all and can play in the NFL.
EDGE Big Kat-Bryant UCF 70
info: NA
pros: Sickest name in the draft. Played for Auburn for 4 years. Decent length and has shown ability against the run.
cons: Only Graded well after leaving the SEC. Not the best athlete, not too twitchy.
take: Byrants name is Big Kat, I don’t need to say more.
EDGE Zachary Carter Florida 70
info: Carter was a 4 star recruit out of Hillsborough in Tampa FL and had an offer from essentially every big time program in the country. He has gradually earned a greater role and was a mainstay by his redshirt senior year and notched 8 sacks.
pros: Versatile, can rush from the interior and edge at a high level. Good length to him, can keep run blockers away and has a good long arm. Can set a good edge. Good get off and can penetrate gaps.
cons: Can’t hold up in the run game on the interior. Not a good athlete for the edge position, just average.
take: Carter is an interesting player, he played both Edge and DL and had flashes at both but isn’t elite at either. He’s a good pass rusher though and has shown it from both spots which makes him a valuable piece to move around.
EDGE Isaiah Thomas Oklahoma 70
info: Thomas shouldn’t be confused with the baskeball player Isaiah Thomas, he is 8 inches taller and 80 pounds heavier. He was a 4 star recruit who committed to his home town sooners and was a 2 year starter for them notching 8 sacks on both seasons. He was named All Big 12 twice and was a force on the talented Sooners DL.
pros: Good length and power for an edge. Has nice inside moves, spin and swim. Good get off and can penetrate fast.
cons: No flexibility to get an edge. Bad athlete for the position. A bit of a tweener with no elite traits at either.
take: Thomas may have had 8 sacks but they weren’t to impressive, Oklahoma loved to run stunts to confuse OL. He has some good get off and quick moves but he doesn’t have much upside.
EDGE Micheal Clemons Texas A&M 70
info: Clemson had a long road to where he is now, he started out at JUCO (Cisco Junior College) and was a top defensive JUCO prospect after that year. He committed to A&M and got playing time immediately. By 2019 he was a starter and had a good season through the first 5 games if 2020 until a season ending injury, he was still named Defensive MVP that year for the Aggies. In 2021 he came back and did more of the same a team captain and defensive MVP.
pros: Good length, long arms that can help with a one arm (long arm) rush. Relentless rusher, great effort.
cons: Doesn’t have much strength to his game, struggled in the run game. Not a good athlete, moves slow and isn’t flexible.
take: Clemons is a solid player that seemed to be a team leader at A&M. He’s an edge with not much athleticism or strength so it will be hard for him in the NFL.
EDGE James Houston Jackson St 69
info: NA
pros: First tram ALL FCS with 75 total pressures and 20 sacks. Best pass rusher in the FCS, won with speed and power against bigger tackles.
cons: 6’1 225 and undersized edge. Gets Swallowed up in run defense by tackles, pass rush only.
take: Houston was an animal in the FCS beating up on FCS tackles with power and speed. He projects as a pass rush only but he’s got no length so it will be tough to succeed.
EDGE Scott Patchan Colorado St 70
info: NA
pros: 85 PFF grade in 2021 with a 91.3 pass rush grade and 50 pressures. 4 star recruit at 6’5 250 and 4.68 40. First team all mountain west. Has some good pass rush moves with good hand usage.
cons: Couldn’t really stick on defense at Miami. Already 25 years old. Not a twitchy athlete.
take: Patchan is interesting, he played so well last year but it took him a while to get there. Its TBD if he can keep it going in the NFL.
EDGE David Anenih Houston 71
info:
pros: Jacked. Has a long arm move and has solid strength. Good athlete, can win with speed.
cons: Didn’t put up many numbers, not the biggest edge either,.
take: Anenih is a better body builder than edge defender, but he’s decent there too. He’s jacked but doesn’t have much anchor to his game.
EDGE Ali Fayad Western Michigan 70
info: NA
pros: 80+ grades 4 years in a row with back to back 90 Pass rush grades. 58 pressures and 13 sacks in 2021. Uses hands very well in the pass game, good swipes and good flexibility.
cons: 6’2 not a lengthy edge.
take: Fayad is a pass rush specialist, he doesn’t have the length but he has the moves to beat slower tackles.
EDGE Kyron Johnson Kansas 69
info: NA
pros: Insane athlete, ran a 4.36 40 and jumped 40 inches at 231 pounds. Had a breakout senior year with 6 sacks and 39 total pressures including 4 fumbles.
cons: Very small to be playing edge at 6 foot 231 pounds. Didn’t break out until his 5th year at edge.
take: Johnson doesn’t have much power to his game or moves but he’s an elite athlete. He’s nice to have as a late round pick and see if you can use him in anyway because he’s a different player.
EDGE Isaiah Chambers Mcneese 69
info: NA
pros: He is 6’5 250 and was a 4 star recruit coming out of Texas and originally committed to TCU. 1st team All-American FCS. 6’5 250 and a solid athlete, checks the boxes.
cons: Transferred from TCU to Houston and then Mcneese. 2016 was his freshman year, he’s an old prospect. Doesn’t have the elite burst or strength to pop off the screen against good competition.
take: Chambers was great for Mcneese and played solid against LSU, but he didn’t jump off the screen with any of his plays.
EDGE Cameron Goode Cal 69
info: NA
pros: Shows winning with power/length and speed. Was a track guy at cal, solid athlete for 6’3 240.
cons: Nothing special about his game, none of his moves are truly dominate. Not the best run defender.
take: Goode has the tools you are looking for in an edge, but he’s not so good he should go high. He can be a good depth piece at edge.
EDGE Chauncey Manac Louisiana Lafayette 69
info: NA
pros: 4 star recruit that is 6’3 247. 70+ grade each year and 11 sacks his final year.
cons: 6th year senior, old prospect. Not too long, setting an edge is tough.
take: Manac should move to LB because he would be a bad Micah Parsons.
EDGE Tristan Nichols Nevada 69
info: NA
pros: 6’4 245 solid size, with 11 sacks in 2021. Good get off, can win with both speed and a long arm.
cons: Not the biggest guy, may have issues in the run game.
take: Nichols was a solid pass rusher for Nevada, he can play in the NFL but it’s a big jump for him.
EDGE Myron Tagovailoa-Amosa Notre Dame 69
info: Tagovailoa-Amosa isn’t a quarterback like Tua and his brother. He is a defensive lineman out of Hawaii that committed to Notre Dame. He had a very similar career to Hinish as he played 13 games as a freshman and became a starter his junior season. By his 5th year he was named a team captain and played a big role in the ND defense.
pros: Team captain and played very hard with a good get off. 3 straight 70+ pff grades.
cons: Couldn’t produce as much as you would like to see. Doesn’t have the length, only 6’2 and 32 inch arms.
take: Tagovailoa-Amosa was a team leader and played super hard. He’s a guy you wantg on your team to be a good depth piece.
EDGE Luji Vilain Wake Forrest 69
info: NA
pros: 6’4 250, good size and a 81.8 pass rush grade.
cons: One year of getting playing time. Not very strong in run or pass game.
take: Vilain won with speed and counters in his last year at wake. He needs to get better in the run game to become an NFL edge and get playing time.
EDGE Noah Burks Wisconsin 68
info: NA
pros: Violent hands, good initial impact setting the edge. Good at block shedding, can throw tight ends off of him. Decent in coverage, looks like a fluid athlete
cons: Doesn’t have good length for an edge. No pass rush production.
take: Burks was a solid edge setter with heavy hands and violent moves to shed blockers. But, he doesn’t have the pass rush or length to be an NFL edge.
EDGE Daniel Hardy Montana St 68
info: NA
pros: Great bend, can turn the corner at the top of the pocket well. Adequate size, 6’3 240 and just enough length to pass buy. Good hand swipe to negate his lack of length. 77 total pressures his senior year.
cons: Not a good athlete that will sin with speed. Just limited as an edge in the NFL, length and athleticism is middling. Missed a lot of tackles his senior year.
take: Hardy was great at the FCS level, he was a great pass rusher but he’s a lower level NFL athlete. He could be a solid edge in the NFL but he doesn’t look to be a dominate rusher.
EDGE Patrick O’Connell Montana 68
info: NA
pros: Wins with a variety of pass rush moves, power, quick hand swipes and speed.
cons: Undersized at 6’2 230. Not a great athlete, doesn’t look like an NFL rusher.
take: O’Connell looked very good at Montana, but he’s not the makeup of an NFL pass rusher.
EDGE Joe Ozougwu Arkansas St 68
info: NA
pros: Teams MVP his senior year.	Great pass rush moves, has speed and bend along with a quick counter.
cons: Pass rush only, not much length and under 240.
take: Ozougwu is an insane athlete at the edge position who beat up on bad tackles. He’s too small to be drafted but could be a solid pass rusher.
EDGE Brandon Barlow Boston College 68
info: NA
pros: String rusher and can hold up in the run game very well, 86.6 run D grade.
cons: One year of good play. Not an explosive athlete, isn’t getting to the edge.
take: Barlow looks like an NFL edge player and was a solid piece for Boston College. He’s just not going to be a top edge player in the NFL ever.
EDGE Keir Thomas Florida St 68
info: NA
pros: 2,500 career snaps and is 270, strong edge rusher. Had a good rep on Ikem, solid athlete that can rush inside and out.
cons: 6th year senior and didn’t play fantastic at South Carolina. Not much length, will struggle to rush on the edge.
take: Thomas is a big solid athlete that can rush from inside and out. He’s just not dominate at either so he can be seen as a tweener.
EDGE Arron Mosby Fresno St 68
info: NA
pros: Has the length and athleticism to be a good rusher, started the 2021 season hot and got 11 sacks.
cons: Too lean to play the run.
take: Mosby is a pass rush only player, he’s got to add mass to play in the NFL.
EDGE Isaiah Gay Illinois 68
info: NA
pros: Thick edge, 6’3 270. Sets an hard edge and can rush with power.
cons: Not a plus athlete, change of direction is sub par.
take: Gay is super strong and can set an edge easily, he’s not much of a speed player though.
EDGE Zach Petersen Iowa St 68
info: NA
pros: 6’5 275 great size and All Academic 1st team.
cons: Didn’t get more than 2 sacks in a season. No pass rush, just going to hold an edge.
take: Petersen is a big strong edge, but he can’t rush the passer much.
EDGE Tommon Fox North Carolina 68
info: NA
pros: 28 sacks in the last 3 years and 75 Pass rush grade. Has some good power to his game.
cons: played 6 years of college football. Not an big or fast edge, no real trump card.
take: Fox is a solid edge player but doesn’t have the tools to be anything special.
EDGE Charles Wiley UTSA 68
info: NA
pros: Back to back 70+ grades. Solid size, 6’3 255 and athleticism to play the edge.
cons: Didn’t play well until he left the SEC.
take: Wiley looks like an NFL DE, he’s a solid athlete with the size to back it up. He never really dominated though and he was playing against bad competition.
EDGE Kingsley Jonathan Syracuse 67
info: NA
pros: Consistently got 20+ pressures for 3 straight years. Graded about 70 for his final 4 years. Winner of the Jim Tatum Award, which honors the ACC’s top senior football student-athlete, very accomplished off the field. He’s got ok burst, gets even with the tackle well. Solid build for an edge player, 6’4 250.
cons: Didn’t break out in the 5 years he played at Syracuse. Doesn’t have the bend or speed to win to the outside. Won’t hold up in the interior for the run game at all.
take: Jonathan was a good piece for the DL of Syracuse, he was a solid pass rusher who could hold the edge ok. He’s got nothing special to his game though, he’s not winning with speed or power so he will always be limited.
EDGE Benton Whitley Holy Cross 67
info: NA
pros: All Patriot league for 3 years in a row. Graded as a 92.7 and has decent length at 6’4. Has solid bend and got a total of 48 pressures his senior year.
cons: Undersized, a tad slim for an edge and would have a hard time against NFL tackles. Never truly had dominate reps even at the FCS level.
take: Whitley has the grade and length to raise some eyebrows for the NFL, but his physically not the level of athlete for the NFL.
EDGE Malik Hamm Lafayette 67
info: NA
pros: He was highly accomplished, he was named the Patriot league rookie of the year and DPOY and All Patriot League first team each year as well as being the team captain. He had back to back 89.7/91.2 grades
cons: Played in the FCS and didn’t have great size, 6’3 260. A little slim and doesn’t have the juice that NFL players have.
take: Hamm was very good for Lafayette every year, but he was beating up on bad competition and it probably wont translate to an NFL field.
EDGE Bryce Carter James Madison 67
info: NA
pros: Great arm length and edge setting, 91.7 run defense game.
cons: No real pass rush or good athleticism.
take: Carter has a weird build, he’s 61 with long arms and a great run defender. But he has little to no pass rush or speed.
EDGE Tyler Johnson Arizona St 67
info: NA
pros: Big edge at 6’4 280. 74.5 PFF grade in 2021. Violent hands to get off blocks.
cons: Lets blockers get their hands on him too easy. No real pass rush.
take: Johnson was solid for Arizona state, but theres a lot he needs to work on to be  a good 4-3 D end. He has to work on his technique but he has the size.
EDGE Tre Williams Arkansas 67
info: NA
pros: All SEC freshman team, good size at 6’4 250.
cons: Never had a great year, max 5 sack season. Gets blown off the ball way too easily.
take: Williams has the size and looked like a real prospect his freshman year but he never really got better.
EDGE Christian Albright Ball St 67
info: NA
pros: Never graded below 70 in 5 years of playing.
cons: 6’2 lacking the length wanted in a rusher. Not a good athlete and no real juice.
take: Albright has been very good for ball state over the last 5 years, but he wont translate to the NFL.
EDGE Carson Wells Colorado 67
info: NA
pros: Graded in the high 70’s back to back years with good run defense. Can play coverage as well as be on the line.
cons: Didn’t break 70 in his PFF pass rush grade. Doesn’t have much pass rush at all, just a guy there, no moves.
take: Wells is versatile, he can play on and off the ball but he’s not great at either.
EDGE Hardrick Willis Georgia St 67
info: NA
pros: 2 time team captain, solid size and can play both the run and pass.
cons: Not a good athlete and got 0 sacks in 2021.
take: Willis is a solid edge defender that doesn’t have much upside.
EDGE Ryder Anderson Indiana 67
info: NA
pros: He’s 6’6 276 pounds and played in the SEC. 79 run defense grade in 2021.
cons: Didn’t break out as a pass rusher. Not a plus athlete.
take: Anderson looks the part, but he’s not very good, not strength or speed.
EDGE Daniel Joseph NC St 67
info: NA
pros: 6’3 265 solid size with a 74.7 grade. Strong run defender, can beat tackles in run fits.
cons: 25 years old. Not going to rush on the edge well.
take: Joseph could be a good DL depth piece, edge on early downs and inside in rush scenerios.
EDGE Sam Hammond Nevada 67
info: NA
pros: Great size, 6’5 265. Back to back 7 sack seasons.
cons: Not a great athlete, was just a guy out there, not winning with any speed.
take: Hammond has the size and is an ok athlete but that’s about it.
EDGE Joey Noble New Mexico 67
info: NA
pros: 71.8 grade with and 82.6 PFF grade.
cons: Not a big or good athlete.
take: Noble had a few good games where he got 10+ pressures, but it wont happen in the NFL.
EDGE Andrzej Hughes-Murray Oregon St 67
info: NA
pros: 2000 career snaps and a 74 pass rush grade.
cons: Has 67 pressure un his 5 year career.
take: Didn’t watch.
EDGE Manny Walker Temple 67
info: NA
pros: Solid build, 6’4 250. Had a 73.1 PFF pass rush grade.
cons: Never cracked 70 PFF defense grade. Only a 1 year starter.
take: Walker has the length and build you want but he just didn’t produce.
EDGE Tyree Johnson Texas A&M 67
info: NA
pros: 248 pounds and a solid athlete. Good leverage and can bend the edge well.
cons: No length, 6’2 and 31 inch arms. Wont hold up in the run game and is a pass rush only.
take: Johnson just isn’t the size you look for, hes a pass rush only but has no length.
EDGE Nick Heninger Utah St 67
info: NA
pros: Back to back 80+ PFF pass rush grades.
cons: Not long or a big edge.
take: Heninger is a good pass rusher, but played nobody and it won’t translate.
EDGE Garrett Crall Wyoming 67
info: NA
pros: Has the length at 6’5. 2,622 career snaps and graded 70 every year.
cons: Only 239 pounds, can struggle with NFL power.
take: Crall may have played well at Wyoming, but any power will expose him in the NFL.
EDGE Jacoby Jones Texas 66
info: NA
pros: 2 time all conference during his time at Butler CC. Solid change of direction on field, can stop and chase down well. Solid athlete, quick off the ball and strong enough to hold his ground.
cons: Isn’t the biggest Edge, will get swallowed up by OL. No good pass rush production, he doesn’t have the physical ability to win with dominate speed or power.
take: Jones is a very solid college edge defender, he’s a solid athlete that can play the run and is an ok rusher. But, that’s not going to cut it in the NFL. He would need to develop a lot to be an impact player.
EDGE Malik Fisher Villenova 66
info: NA
pros: 91.1 grade with 48 total pressures and a team captain. Has solid size 6’4 260, looks like an NFL player.
cons: Didn’t have the quick twitch off the ball or the great power against lower competition.
take: Fisher graded well in the FCS and looks like an NFL player, but he didn’t pop like you would have hoped.
EDGE Kevin Oliver FIU 66
info: NA
pros: 4 years of experience and 6’4 263. Looks jacked on the edge, good weight.
cons: Never broke a 70 PFF grade. Doesn’t hold up to double teams well and isn’t twitchy.
take: Oliver looks like an edge player but he never played that well at FIU.
EDGE Ty Shelby Louisiana Monroe 66
info: NA
pros: 70+ grades each of the last 3 years. Solid size, 6’4 260.
cons: 6th year senior.
take: Didn’t watch.
EDGE Will Evans Ohio 66
info: NA
pros: 74 PFF grade in 2021, solid athlete who dominated bad comp.
cons: On the shorter side at 6’2, gets held by length.
take: Evans was good for Ohio, but it was against bad competition and long tackles will handle him easy.
EDGE Samuel Wright Princeton 65
info: NA
pros: 91.1 grade with 53 total pressures and first team all ivy league.
cons: He’s 6 foot flat, just not long enough.
take: Wright is super stocky and wont be able to play edge in the NFL.
EDGE Fermon Reid Stetson 65
info: NA
pros: Back to back 90+ PFF grades and 40 pressures.
cons: He’s 6 foot, not going to be able to play edge.
take: He’s to short to play edge, although he was great in college.
EDGE Isaiah Land Florida A&M 65
info: NA
pros: 55 total pressures his senior year, 89 PFF grade and has solid length.
cons: 215 pounds, too slightly built to play edge.
take: Land is a slender edge rusher that can’t play edge in the NFL.
EDGE Michael Matus Arizona St 65
info: NA
pros: Solid run defender, 71 PFF grade.
cons: 6’2 edge rusher with 2 career sacks.
take: Didn’t watch.
EDGE Troy Hairston Central Michigan 65
info: NA
pros: Graded well for PFF 80+
cons: 6’1 and 5’11 on team site, too small.
take: Didn’t watch.
EDGE Turan Rush Eastern Michigan 65
info: NA
pros: Rush is his last name and has an 88 pass rush grade.
cons: A tad underside and doesn’t have the athleticism.
take: Rush has the name to be a star but he’s not an NFL caliber athlete.
EDGE Lawtez Rogers Maryland 65
info: NA
pros: 6’4 275 good size and played in the FCS.
cons: 63 grade and 2 career sacks.
take: Didn’t watch.
EDGE Ben Kimpler Miami OH 65
info: NA
pros: Solid Size.
cons: Never produced sack numbers.
take: Didn’t watch.
EDGE Ja'Quain Blakely Tennessee 65
info: NA
pros: SEC experience and is 270.
cons: Not an edge build, too thick and short.
take: Blakely Graded under 60 in 2021 and it was the only year he played.
EDGE Mandy Alonso Virginia 65
info: NA
pros: 6’2 285, big edge.
cons: No length and 13 career sacks on 1,275 pass rush snaps.
take: Didn’t watch.
EDGE Ray Thornton Texas 64
info: NA
pros: 4 star recruit that went to LSU. Solid athlete, got solid quickness and speed for an edge.
cons: Missed 20% of his tackles. 28 career pressures in 5 seasons. Short arms, doesn’t have much strength behind him.
take: Thornton is a decent athlete that was a low end edge player in college. With the lack of length and strength he won’t be able to play in the NFL.
EDGE Djuan Mathews Hawaii 64
info: NA
pros: Graded a 77 PFF grade.
cons: 5’11 250 way too small.
take: Didn’t watch.
EDGE Owen Carney Illinois 64
info: NA
pros: Back to back 73 PFF grades.
cons: 6’2 232.
take: He’s too small.
