LB Leo Chenal Wisconsin 81
info: Chenal was a star coming out of Grantsburg WI where he was named Gatorade Player of the year for his senior season. He didn’t draw much interest though, only being tagged as a 3 star recruit he only visited Minnesota, Iowa and Wisconsin. He stayed local and committed to Wisconsin where he didn’t get much playing time his first year. He got the full time starting role his sophomore season and was solid but he really turned it on his junior year. He was named 1st team All Big 10 and a 91.5 PFF grade for his final season.
pros: Great athlete, tested well and did 34 reps on the bench. Great at finding gaps in the offensive line and knifing through. Packs a punch when he takes on offensive lineman.
cons: Not the best length, sub 32 inch arms. A little slow to react in pass coverage, sees seam routes a tad too late.
take: Chenal is a strong, fast and quick linebacker who was dominate in the run game. He’s strong enough to take on blocks and quick enough to beat blockers. He needs to improve in the pass game but he’s still young so he can get better.
LB Devin Lloyd Utah 80
info: Lloyd was a star safety coming out of Otay Ranch in California. He wasn’t a top recruit so when Utah offered he decided to join the Utes great defense. He reshirtted his first year and then started his R-So. He broke out in 2020 being named first team pac 12 and then in 2021 was seen as the second best backer in the nation behind dean. 
pros: good size at 6’3 225. Leader of a great defense for Utah. Good tackler, wraps up well. Good recognition in the pass game. Good pass rusher for the position. Good instincts overall, around the ball all the time.
cons: Not very good change of direction. Doesn’t come downhill enough to blow up blockers. A little on the thin and can get out matched by lineman.  
take: Lloyd was a great college backer due to his good athleticism and his instincts. His athleticism will be negated in the NFL but his instincts and leadership should allow him to be a starting linebacker in the league
LB Nakobe Dean Georgia 79
info: Nakobe was a consensus 5 star recruit and the top player coming out of Mississippi. He decided to commit to Georgia over playing with his brother at ole miss. To say Dean was successful at Georgia is an understatement, he lead their defense to being one of the best of all time while studying Mechanical Engineering. He had a good first 2 years for the Bulldogs immediately making an impact for the team, but his senior year is where he showed out. He was a captain, an All American as well as the Butkus award winner (and should have been the Bednarik award winner).
pros: Good athlete for a linebacker. Plays like his life depends on it, very aggressive when attacking a play. Good movement skills in coverage, can stick with vertical routes and RBs. Good at tackling in open space, not many missed. Great blitzer, gets around lineman well and times it perfectly. Good play recognition, sniffs out screens well and sees everything in front of him.
cons: Smaller frame, may struggle to take on blocks and hold ground. A little to aggressive tacker, dives a lot with his head down. Not the greatest feel in zone, Looks robotic until matched up on a receiver.
take: Dean was the onr og the best linebacker in college football and he has it all aside from his size. He was a great leader and a tremendous player which should translate and make him an immediate impact player for whoever drafts him.
LB Quay Walker Georgia 77
info: NA
pros: Great build, 6’4 240 who ran a 4.52. One of the best tackler in college football, rarely missed one. Good run game recognition, flows to the ball in a hurry. Physical enough to take on a block and still find the ball.
cons: Not a great coverage player, won’t stay with more athletic players. Doesn’t have the greatest vision in pass coverage to diagnose routes developing.
take: Walker isn’t too far off Dean in terms of NFL prospect. He may not be as good in coverage but with his athleticism and size he can be a force in the middle of any defense.
LB Troy Andersen Montana St 76
info: Andersen is one of the more intriguing players in the draft this year. Besides being a star on the field he’s great in the classroom where he was his class valedictorian as he held a 4.0 GPA. He wasn’t recruited much so he went to Montana State where he won the Big Sky Freshman of the year award playing at both RB and LB. His sophomore year he played QB and was named to the All-Big Sky first team. He then transitioned to defense where he was an All American and then named FCS Defensive player of the year.
pros: 6’3 240 runs a 4.4 and jumped 36-128 inches in the verticle and broad, he’s a freak. 100+ tackles his senior year as well as a team captain. Good open field tackler with his athleticism and length. Always around the ball, effort is there. Shows flashes that he can play zone well and locate receivers. Good recognition in the run/play action game, sees pullers/peeling tight ends well.
cons: Played in the FCS against lower level competition. Inconsistent in coverage, gets stuck looking in the backfield too often. Not aggressive in run fits, lets himself get blocked down the field too easy.
take: Andersen sure looks the part and played very well in the FCS. He got away with a lot though because he’s an NFL athlete playing in the FCS and will have growing pains. He needs to be more “instinctive” and trust what he sees and attack better. He would immediately come in and be an impressive athlete at the position, but he needs some development to get to his fullest potential.
LB Channing Tindall Georgia 76
info: Tindall was a 4 star recruit out of Spring valley in SC where he was the SC DPOY in the state. He was a contributor for his first 3 years and finally got his shot his senior year and capitalized. He was 2nd team All American and racked up 8 sacks.
pros: He is an absolute freak athlete, 6’2 230 ran a 4.47 and jumped 42 inches. Doesn’t miss many tackles, super athletic and aggressive. Good blitzer, will run through a running back and get to a quarterback in a hurry.
cons: Single year starter. Doesn’t do well in coverage, doesn’t see things well and react.
take: Tindall is very similar to Kenneth Murray, they are both freaks who can come downhill in a hurry. But, they also both struggle in coverage and diagnosing what’s happening. That may be the reason he only saw the field his senior year.
LB Damone Clark LSU 74
info: NA
pros: Great tackler, sub 10% missed tackle rate. Has the makeup for the next level, got the size athleticism and SEC pedigree. Flashes ability to fill a gap and take on a blocker with physicality. Played well in the Bama game and was flying around the field.
cons: Looks hesitant at times not aggressively going after the ball. Takes poor angles, lets ball carriers cut right under him too often. A little slow when reacting to routes and breaking on them.
take: Clark is a solid Linebacker prospect with all the physical traits to be an NFL linebacker. He needs to play with more “instincts” and break on routes and fly to the ball better before he can be a starting NFL backer.
LB Chad Muma Wyoming 75
info: NA
pros: Good build at 6’3 240 and ran a 4.6 27 bench reps and a 40 inch vert. Led the nation in tackles, 115 credited tackles. Received a 90+ grade as a senior. Good tackler who is great at pursuit (speed and instincts).
cons: Played at a low level of competition. Doesn’t attack downhill as well as you would like from a LB of his stature. Can’t play man coverage, not fluid enough of an athlete.
take: Muma is your new age prototypical LB with the size and athleticism to play in the NFL. He plays very sound and doesn’t appear out of place often but he played at a low level of competition.
LB Jack Sanborn Wisconsin 74
info: Sanborn was a 4 star recruit coming out of Lake Zurich in Illinois where he was a dominate player. He committed to Wisconsin where he saw some action his true freshman year. By his second year he was the full time starter and the teams leading tackler. He got better every year and was selected to the 1st team All Big 10 and really improved on his tackling.
pros: Good blitzer, finds the holes in the OL well and attacks. Great at sifting over the OL and finding the ball carrier. Solid tackler, will pop the running back in the hole well.
cons: Struggled with tacking early in his career, 20% missed tackle rate. Lets misdirection get the best of him, blocked out of gap too easy. 30 inch arms limit his range on the field.
take: Sanborn was inconsistent in the run game, he had plays where he sniffed out the run great and others where he was drawn out of position. He’s a strong inside linebacker with the ability to play the run, cover and rush well. He’s limited with his length but he is a very solid player.
LB Christian Harris Alabama 73
info: NA
pros: Super athletic linebacker, ran a 4.44 and broad jumped 11 feet. Played all three years for the tide at linebacker. Sideline to sideline, runs well to ball carriers on the outside.
cons: Never graded out particularly well at any point. On the smaller side at 6 foot 226 pounds. Plays super high and not aggressive. Doesn’t seem to have instincts and the ability to beat blockers to a spot.
take: Harris is a great athlete who played for a top program for 3 years. He isn’t very instinctive though, he doesn’t play the way you would expect a top backer to play.
LB Aaron Hansford Texas A&M 71
info: NA
pros: Started out at wide receiver in 2016. Changes direction well for a 6’3 240 pounder. Can take on blocks and play physical in the run game.
cons: New to the position, looks lost at times reading the play. Not the fastest player, doesn’t have the juice you would want.
take: Hansford is a big strong backer who is relatively new to the position. He has troubles recognizing plays and reacting fast but he could get better and be a solid backer.
LB Brian Asamoah Oklahoma 76
info: NA
pros: Good athlete, tested well and showed sideline to sideline range on tape. Very fluid in open field, can cover well with movement skills.  Very aggressive coming downhill to make a play on the ball.  
cons: Smaller frame, looks more like a box safety.  Doesn’t play the run well, doesn’t take on blocks well at all. Played in a Big 12 league where he didn’t have to stop the run much. 
take: Asamoah is a top tier pass coverage LB coming out of college. He moves so well in space he can be confused for a safety. The trade off is he doesn’t have the ability to be a consistent run defender at that size. 
LB Baylon Spector Clemson 72
info: NA
pros: Team captain for his senior season. Solid athletic testing, 4.6 36 vertical 123 broad. Smooth in coverage, former safety that looks good in coverage. Has the speed to track a running back to the outside. Solid instincts, reads offenses plays fairly well. 
cons: Not a very long player, 6 feet tall 31 inch arms. Doesn’t do well in the run game, doesn’t attack downhill that well and doesn’t take blocks well. Misses tackles too often, 12% miss rate his senior season. 
take: Spector is a solid backer with the athleticism and intangibles that are looked for in the NFL. He’s on the smaller side which hurts his tackling and run defense so that should drop him down boards. 
LB Malcom Rodriguez Oklahoma St 72
info: NA
pros: Captain his senior year. Explosive athlete, gets to top speed fast. Takes blocks very well with burst and leverage. 89 tackles his senior year,  always around the ball.
cons: A very short linebacker at sub 6 feet. Change of direction doesn’t match his burst. Doesn’t look natural in coverage, chopping back pedal. 
take: Rodriguez is a powerful athlete with great burst on the field. He will be a great special teams player but his lack of height is concerning.  With his length limitation it only makes his lack of natural coverage instinct even worse. 
LB Darrian Beavers Cincinnati 77
info: NA
pros: Ideal size at 6’4 237, looks the part. Good agility testing, sub 7 3 cone and 4.28 shuttle. Good at shedding and taking on blocks, can play the run well. Good assignment integrity, doesn’t bite on misdirection. 
cons: Doesn’t have the closing speed or range you would like. Misses too many tackles, 15% miss rate. Lines up as a pass rusher a lot but has no moves. 
take: Looking at Beavers you can tell that he’s an NFL backer. He tested well and graded well which are two good signs that he can be a good backer in the NFL. The only downside is you don’t see the burst you would like to see from a backer. 
LB Jojo Domann Nebraska 71
info:
pros: Solid coverage backer, a lot of experience in space. Tested and measurements were good enough. Solid at stopping screens and a good tackler. 
cons: Tweener kind of, he played mostly slot cornerback so not a lot of LB experience. Unknown how he will translate to playing in the front 7
take: Domann is a complete projection. He played a mix of safety backer and slot corner so you don’t see many LB reps. He’s a solid athlete who can cover but it’s tbd if he can play in the box. 

