OG Zion Johnson Boston College 84
info: Johnson played 2 seasons at Davidson before transferring to Boston College and they got a good one. He immediately started 7 of the 13 games and was an ALL ACC 2nd team. His senior season he stepped it up and was named 1st team All ACC.
pros: Runs his feet in the run game. Great at sealing off defenders in zone running game. Strong feet/base, once his foot is in the ground he has so much power. Position versatility at tackle and guard. Gets hands on defenders and doesn’t let go.
cons: Not the best balance, bends at the waist too much. Not a good athlete in space. 5th year senior is when he showed out.
take: Johnson looked like a man amongst boys even against Clemson. He has bad intentions in the run game and is sought in pass pro. He can probably step in day one and start for the a NFL team.
OG Kenyon Green Texas A&M 76
info: Green was a big time 5 star recruit being the number one guy out of Texas. He came into college ready to play and started as a true freshman in the SEC. He progressed every year and was named to the 2nd then the 1st team All American team. He was also versatile playing both guards and tackle positions his final year.
pros: Massive man, 6’4 325. Easy mover at that size. Can seal off cut off blocks very well because his athleticism. Solid power in his base, lower cut so if he get hands on a defender he will create movement. Versatile, played all the positions minus center. Quick feet in the pass game which helps him mirror.
cons: Short arms, defenders control him to often by getting into his pads. When looking for work he never delivers a kill shot. Gets off balance too much (mostly due to defenders getting to him).
take: Green may have some limitations when it comes to length but that shouldn’t stop him from being a solid guard. His size and movement skills should allow Green to have a successful career and should be a good day 2 pick up.
OG Marcus Mckethan North Carolina 74
info: NA
pros: Great size, 6’6.5 340 with 35.5 inch arms. 3 year starter at right guard. If it’s 1v1 he will move anyone. Smooth player, not clunky like a lot of players his size.
cons: Not the easiest mover on the field, hes a big man. Feet can be to slow on pass pro. Not good at reacting to stunts or any quick movements.
take: Mckethan is an absolute unit, not many people are his size and has have some movement skills. He’s not a quick player by any means but he will win with size and power.
OG Thayer Munford Ohio St 74
info: Munford Stayed local after transferring his senior year from a high school in Cincinnati to Massillon Ohio. He was a massive man coming out of high school already well north of 300 and played rather early. He Played left tackle in 2020 receiving a 90+ pff grade and then switched to guard in 2021.
pros: Large man. Very good anchor in pass pro. Solid power in the run game. Good pull blocks on tape. Versatile at guard and tackle. Good initial punch with long arms.
cons: Foot speed is lacking. Plays high and a little off balance at times
take: Munford was a very good offensive lineman for the buckeyes and made up the better half of the left side of the Offensive line. He’s a big strong powerful guard who could most likely step in immediately and play in the NFL.
OG Cole Strange Chattanooga 72
info: Strange wasn’t a highly recruited guy out of Knoxville Tennessee which resulted in him ending up at Chattanooga. He is a smart dude who made honor roll all 6 years he was in college and by the time he got to his senior season he won the SoCon Jacobs Blocking Award Winner which is the top lineman in the conference. He’s already 23 years old but he does have a lot of experience to go with it.
pros: Nasty in the run game, looking to put defenders on the ground. Sturdy base, can absorb blitzers and stalemate them. Good IQ, picks up blitzes well and finds work.
cons: Pass sets could be better, lets outside rushes around too easily. 6th year player at OL. Played a very easy schedule and only good game was Kentucky.
take: Strange was a 23 year old going against 20 year old which makes a difference. He at least looked like it though, bullying kids in the run game and having a strong anchor in the pass game. He should be ready to play day one but may not have much more room for growth.
OG Lecitus Smith Virgia Tech 73
info: Smith besides having one of the best names in the draft has the best cookie YouTube videos. Good thing he likes to cook because he needs to keep up his large frame that allowed him to be a 3 year full time starters for the Hookies.
pros: Very flexible and mobile for a 320 pounder. Aggressive run blocker, fires out and runs his feat to burry defenders. A lot of experience playing 350+ snaps for 4 years.
cons: Over aggressive at times that will hurt his technique. Short arms and has a hard time grabbing on to defenders.
take: Smith had a solid career at VT and has the physical and mental tools to be an NFL starter. If it weren’t for his length he would be a higher sought after prospect but regardless he is a solid guard.
OG Bill Dunkle San Diego St 73
info: NA
pros: 95 (98.8 run grade) grade in 2021. Had a 99.9 grade against air force in 2021. Bulldozer in the run game, can move dudes. Gives a lot of effort to get to the second level.
cons: He’s a terrible mover, he is not a fluid athlete. Lunges to much on blocks because hes not athletic.
take: Dunkle is a phone booth player for sure. Hes a powerful guard that has trouble because his athleticism but could be good in a power run scheme.
OG Justin Shaffer Georgia 72
info: Shaffer was buried in the depth chart for a few years but he stuck with his hometown team Georgia. His final two years he finally got the starting job and ran with it. He was named 2nd team All SEC his 5th year and was on the national championship winning team.
pros: Big dude at 6’4 340. Pretty good first step in the run game. Strong lower half, can move DL from their gap. Solid at comboing up to the 2nd level.
cons: Slow to pop up out of his stance in the pass game. Gets bulled too much because he plays too high. Any finesse moves can beat him in pass pro.
take: Shaffer is exactly what you would assume from a Georgia guard, he didn’t go there to pass block. If a team needs a run mauling guard Shaffer would be a good late round pick.
OG Ed Ingram LSU 71
info: Ingram was a 4 star recruit coming out of Texas in 2017 and immediately was a starter for the Tigers in 2017. Unfortunately he got into legal trouble in 2018 and missed the entire season but was reinstated in 2019. He started in 2020 and 2021 which landed his a second team All SEC bid.
pros: Good size and strength, tough to move him back. Good punch in pass game, gets his hands on and locks out defenders.
cons: He is a 5th year senior with an off field issue. Slow off the ball and pops up in pass pro. Doesn’t move his feet well to mirror.
take: Ingram was a solid guard in the SEC this year with a lot of starts. He should be good enough to be a serviceable backup guard in the NFL.
OG Blaise Andries Minnesota 69
info: NA
pros: 4 year starter with great versatility, all positions besides center. Improved over his first two years of starting. Understands assignments and gets to the second level well in the run game. Decent play strength, won’t be totally outpowered.
cons: High cut low weight for a guard. Plays off balance too much, leans and misses blocks. Not a physically imposing player, nothing pops in his game.
take: Andries will almost guaranteed be a swing offensive lineman his entire career that can fill in anywhere. He doesn’t have the upside but he’s a solid depth piece.
OG Chasen Hines LSU 69
info: NA
pros: Good length for an interior OL. Good burst out of his stance, very explosive guard. Can absorb a bull rush well as well as move people in the run game.
cons: Struggles to move laterally especially in pass pro. Not a quick player, feet can be slow to react.
take: Hines is a through and through power offensive lineman. He has good length explosiveness and power to move people in a gap heavy run game. He doesn’t have the ability to move laterally and play in a zone scheme or a heavy passing scheme.
OG Marquis Hayes Oklahoma 70
info: Hayes was a top guard recruit coming out of Missouri in 2017 and committed to Oklahoma. On his 3rd year he became the full time starter and was named 2nd team big 12 after his 5th season.
pros: Great size 6’5 320. Good anchor and power in the lower half. Lots of experience
cons: He has no mobility, moves in slow motion and can’t block in space. Plays very upright.
take: Hayes was a solid starter for Oklahoma over the years but that’s probably it. He doesn’t have the movement skills to play in the NFL.
OG Jason Poe Mercer 70
info: NA
pros: Fantastic puller, so fast off the line and can both seal and kick out at a high level. Good pad level and very athletic.
cons: Small for the NFL, 6 foot flat and 31 inch arms. Not many pass sets that will translate because the Mercer O. Played against low level comp for his first 3 years at Lenoir Rhyne.
take: Poe is a great pull blocker and that’s his calling card. He can move and is an aggressive blocker that can lead block well. He’s a little small though so he’s got a weird build to be an NFL guard.
OG Tyrese Robinson Oklahoma 67
info: NA
pros: Played both tackle and guard at Oklahoma. Thick build, large man that’s hard to move.
cons: Poor athlete, bad testing and looks sluggish. At tackle struggles with length and speed. Can’t mirror anyone in pass pro.
take: Robinson isn’t anything more than a phone booth guard prospect. He’s a powerful guy that has no ability to move especially in pass pro.
OG Denzel Okafor Texas 68
info: NA
pros: 31 bench reps at his pro day. Strong dude in double teams, will move the line of scrimmage and pancake people in pass pro. Good at scanning in pass pro, helps out where needed well. Solid size, he’s 6’4 320.
cons: Leg injury halfway through his senior season. 6 year lineman, he’s old. Doesn’t have lateral quickness, and inside rusher that puts a move on him will win.
take: Okafor is a menace in pass protection, if he’s the help guy he will put a DL on his back. One on one is where he struggles, he doesn’t have the lateral agility to handle quick moves.
OG Tope Imade Texas 67
info: NA
pros: Massive Lineman, 6’6 360. Not the worst athlete given his size. Not going to bull rush him and he can move people in the run game.
cons: Moved back and forwath between OL and DL, couldn’t find a home. Super old, freshman in 2016. Didn’t get many snaps even though he played so long and was on a weaker OL. Not a fluid or good athlete, tough balance and not quick.
take: Imade is a very large dude. He’s physically imposing but he never got the playing time that would help his draft stock. But, when he played he played fine.
