OT Evan Neal Alabama 87
info: Evan Neal is another monster coming out of the powerhouse high school IMG and committing to the college powerhouse Alabama. He was a 5 star recruit at 6’7 370 which dwarfs everyone standing near him. He immediately stepped in and started at left guard alongside Leatherwood to help Alabama dominate another season and was named a freshman all american. He then moved to right tackle during his second season where he won a national championship. He then moved to Left tackle his final year to protect Bryce Youngs blind side and showed more of the same at LT.
pros: Monster of a build. Moves people in the run game. Long arm, can get on defenders easily. Very easy mover especially for the size, great mobility. Improved as the 2020 season progressed. Great patience in his pass sets. Great hand usage in the pass game, punches land and stun defenders.
cons: On the ground too much in the run game. Feet to close to each other in pass pro when getting a speed rush. Has a tough time anchoring for size. Miss reads some stunts and sees stuff late.
take: Neal has all the size and athleticism to be a great NFL tackle. He has started from day one and has shown a lot of promise to be a great lineman. Although Neal may take a few years to fully develop his ceiling is very high.
OT Ikem Ekwonu NC State 89
info: Ikem (which also means “my effort will not be in vain”) stayed local after attending high school in Charlotte NC. Believe it or not he wasn’t even the highest recruited Ekwonu out of that high school. His brother Otisa committed to Notre Dame and Ikem didn’t even get an offer (big time mistake for the Irish). Ikem immediately got playing time for the wolf pack and solidified himself as a top OL in the country with an outstanding senior year where he was named a first team all American.
pros: He graded well as a true freshman. Absolute mauler in the run game. Very aggressive, he will finish every play. Easy mover, pass sets look very smooth and gets to landmarks quick. Great mirror ability.
cons: He’s not the ideal tackle length. Lunges way too much both in the pass and run game. Looks for the kill shot too often. Susceptible to an inside rush because of his feet in pass set.
take: Ekwonu is your classic mauling offensive lineman, he loves getting himself some pancakes. He has all the tools to be a great offensive lineman he just needs to clean up some technique issues and he could be a top lineman in the league.
OT Charles Cross Mississippi St 86
info: Cross was a highly coveted 5 star recruit coming out of Laurel Mississippi. Cross had initially committed to Florida State but switched to Mississippi State to stay closer to home. Cross didn’t get playing time his true freshman year but earned the starting role in his redshirt freshman season. His final season he really showed out and was named 1st team All SEC.
pros: Improved from his 1st to 2nd year as the starting LT. Good potential for a tackle, has the size and movement skills. Does a good job in the run game, moves people and angles them off. Solid mirror skills, guys don’t really blow right by him. Solid at stunt recognition.
cons: Weak anchor, lets guys into his pads and gets walked back. Give the inside rush more than you would like to see. Loves to hold, he essentially holds pretty blatantly on every play. Doesn’t show the dominating power reps (He is still young).
take: Cross has all the upside to be drafted day 1, he played well in the SEC and has the necessary physical ability. He may be a little weak now and needs to clean up some of the stuff that would make him susceptible to power, but given time he could be a good NFL tackle.
OT Trevor Penning Northern Iowa 82
info: Penning has started 2 full seasons for Northern Iowa and if this was baseball he would be accused of steroids. He was a different player his senior year, PFF gave him a 99.9 run blocking grade which is absurd. He was named an All American after his stellar senior season.
pros: Absolute terror in the run game, looking for blood. Upper body strength is very good, can throw them like a rag doll. Good feet in pass pro, always staying in front. Big man at 6’7 320.
cons: He lets people into his pads to easy in pass pro. Played against easy competition most of the time.
take: Penning was a menace playing against lower competition just killing people. He took a step back against Iowa State because they are clearly better players but you can still see the dominance. Once he cleans up his technique he could be one of the best tackles in the NFL.
OT Bernhard Raimann Central Michigan 79
info: Raimann is a very interesting prospect. He is from Austria and was recruited to play for Central Michigan during a foreign exchange program. He went to Central Michigan after fulfilling his military duty so started college as a 20 year old. He initially played Tight End but was move to tackle his junior year. He really showed out in 2021 earning a 94 pff grade.
pros: Only played Tackle for 2 years, lot of room for growth. Fantastic feet in pass set, moves so well and never crosses. Great athlete for a tackle. Good frame that can be filled out.
cons: Only played good one year and he was 24. Isn’t strong enough to step in day one and be a good tackle. Virtually no power in his punch, won’t stun any rushers.
take: Raimann is wildly impressive due to the fact he’s played tackle for 2 years and already has this level of technique down. He has the potential to be great with his frame and movement skills, all that’s left is filling out his frame and adding strength.
OT Tyler Smith Tulsa 79
info: NA
pros: Good size at 6’5 324 and 34 inch arms. Young player coming out as a true junior. 92.1 PFF grade for his final year. A lot of power in his punch, can move dudes in the run game. Good quickness/flexibility in the pass game.
cons: 16 penalties his senior year, way too much. LOVES to hold on every play. Feet in pass pro needs a lot of work. Plays super high too often. Doesn’t look like he’s ever learned to play tackle.
take: Smith is a total project at tackle, if he were to play right now, he would get 8 holding calls and 10 pressures given up. But, he has all the tools you could want and played well at Tulsa so there is a lot to work with.
OT Jamaree Salyer Georgia 78
info: Salyer was a 5 star recruit coming out of Pace in Georgia and he chose to commit to his home town bulldogs. He became the starting tackle after Andrew Thomas left and was a mainstay for them on the line. His senior year he was named a permanent captain as well as 2nd team All SEC.
pros: Ultra smoot in the pass game. Always in control of himself in pass pro. Good feet in pass pro, can’t get outside him. Great Anchor with a slightly lower center of gravity. Gets hands on defenders and doesn’t let them in on him.
cons: Not much in the run game. Doesn’t come downhill hard nor does he have a quick first step.
take: Salyer would be perfect if all you did is pass, unfortunately that’s not the case. He is ready day one to step in and be a solid pass protector but his run blocking leaves a lot to be desired.
OT Darian Kinnard Kentucky 77
info: Kinnard was a 4 star recruit coming out of St Ignatius in Ohio. The 6’5 350 pound OL committed to Kentucky where he played as a true freshman. He got the starting job late his freshman year and never let it go. He graded unbelievably well for the next three years and was named 1st team All SEC
pros: Big frame, Carries 350 pretty well. Great run blocker, positions himself well and can drive defenders. Good anchor in the pass game. Strong hands, doesn’t let people out of his grip.
cons: Slow feet, he can get holding because he can’t stay in front. Narrow feet in pass set because he’s slow to get set.
take: Kinnard is a big man who played well in the SEC for 3 straight years. He has the power that is needed for the NFL but will need to find a way to make up for his slow feet.
OT Abraham Lucas Washington St 77
info: Lucas is a 5th year senior who was named to the first team All PAC 12 team. He’s one of the best pass blockers in the country and he had a lot of opportunities to do so in a pass heavy Washington State offense.
pros: Fantastic in the pass game, awesome sets he’s always in control. Good use of hands in the pass game.
cons: He’s not very good in the run game at moving anyone. Not the best athlete so has a hard time cutting off DL.
take: Lucas is a superb pass blocker, if your looking for a pass blocking RT he’s your guy and could play right away. That being said he has his limitations especially in the run game which should drop him down boards.
OT Daniel Faalele Minnesota 76
info: Faalele is relatively new to football, he came to America 5 years ago and went to IMG for high school. The Melbourne native was recruited to play there because of his massive size being close to 400 pounds. He committed to Minnesota where he was an immediate starter and played alright. He took another leap forward this year as he was named captain and first team all Big 10.
pros: Monster of a human at 6’9 380. Moves incredibly well for his size. Easily moves people in the run game. Can mirror well. Long arm that can engulf defenders.
cons: He lets defenders into his pads too easily. Plays super high as he pops up out of his stance.
take: Faalele isn’t someone you find too often, people just don’t move like that at this size. He’s like if Orlando Brown could move at all which should allow him to be a starter immediately and a future all pro.
OT Max Mitchell Louisiana 76
info: Mitchell wasn’t a big time recruit coming out of Neville in Louisiana. He joined the Ragin Cajuns in 2018 and got the starting spot in 2019. He immediately played well and never had a season below 80 and an outstanding 94 grade in 2021. He was named an All American for his dominate senior season.
pros: Great pass sets, excellent at mirroring and getting to his landmarks in a hurray. Great at getting his body in the way on zone runs and walling off. Fires his hands well and latches on to defenders. Good athlete, moves very well.
cons: He doesn’t have dominating strength, he won’t impress with run blocks by throwing dudes.
take: Mitchell had a fantastic 2021 season and he even looked good against competition like Texas. He has the strength and athleticism to play right now and be a solid starting tackle.
OT Zach Tom Wake Forest 76
info: NA
pros: Good athlete, 4.9 40 and 33 inch vert. 92 PFF pass grade his final year and improved every year. Played both tackle and center. Easy mover, mirrors edge rushers with ease. Solid base, doesn’t get his feet too narrow.
cons: Smaller side at 6’4 304. Not great in the run game, no real movement created.
take: Tom is underrated, he’s a silky-smooth pass protector that uses his hands well. He doesn’t have the ideal size or strength but he’s a great athlete that is a good pass protector.
OT Luke Goedeke Central Michigan 75
info: Goedeke took a longer road than most, he got hurt his senior year and had to walk on to play tight end at University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point. He drew attention from 2 programs, Wisconsin for a walk on spot and Central Michigan on a scholarship. He went to Central Michigan and made the switch to Tackle. He played opposite of Raimann forming a great tackle duo for the team.
pros: Plays with great strength in both run and pass game. Really good in the run game at cutting off angles and over powering DL. Moves well for the size, the tight end skills translated.
cons: Plays a little high in pass sets. Lets defenders get into his pads to easy in pass pro.
take: Goedeke has had a long journey to get to the NFL. He has the tools to play at the next level and has shown that he is a great run blocker. If he can clean up his pass sets he will be a good tackle
OT Zach Thomas San Diego St 74
info: NA
pros: Got a 90 PFF run blocking grade in 2020. Ran a sub 5 second 40. Great feet and mirroring ability, easy mover in pass pro. Aggressive run blocker, really tries to move defenders.
cons: Played against lower-level pass rushers, not top competition. Has some issues dealing with strength in pass pro.
take: Thomas a very good tackle with plenty of experience in his career. He has shown to be a good run blocker and a smooth pass blocker in a lower level of competition.
OT Nicholas Petit-Frere Ohio St 74
info: Petit-Frere was a top recruit coming of Florida, he was an all American there and even won the OL strength competition as a senior. He was awarded the starting Right tackle role in 2020 where he had a good season only allowing 4 pressures. His 2022 season was not his best where he let up 26 pressures and many of them coming against Hutchinson in the Michigan game.
pros: Solid size for tackle. Really good movement skills. Great zone blocking ability with great foot speed. Aggressive run blocker.
cons: Terrible angle on pass sets. Lets the outside rush up by not getting depth. Turns too fast on pass sets. Not great at hand fighting. Not a great anchor in pass sets.
take: Petit-Frere isn’t a refined product by any means but the size and mobility is there to be successful. He can be a solid flyer to take as a developmental tackle and fill in as a backup when a starter goes down.
OT Joshua Ezeudu North Carolina 74
info: NA
pros: Good length, 34 inch arms. Played both LT and LG. Solid athlete, many downfield blocks on his tape. Can create movement in the run game by running his feet. Good mirroring skills and get hands on defenders well.
cons: 7 penalties his senior year. Played worse at guard than he did tackle. A little thin at 309 pounds, could struggle with power rush. Hands get wide in pass pro and can get off balance.
take: Ezeudu was on a struggling North Carolina offensive line, but he was not the issue. He has the Length and athleticism to be an NFL tackle but needs to add more power to his game.
OT Sean Rhyan UCLA 73
info: NA
pros: Young, 3 year starter at UCLA. Solid Size, 6’5 320 and 11-inch hands with a 33 inch vert. Improved in PFF grade each year. Good pass pro sets, smooth and able to pick up stunts. Good power when latched on to defender.
cons: 32 3/8 inch arms so a little smaller than you would like. Slow feet, can get beat to the outside too easily. Tough reach blocks and open field blocks because of his footspeed.
take: Rhyan has had a solid career at UCLA playing for his first 3 years at LT. He’s a big lineman that is a smooth player with power behind him. He should be moved to guard in the NFL because of his lack of footspeed because speed rushers would eat him up.
OT Spencer Buford UTSA 73
info: Buford was one of the best recruits UTSA has ever gotten, he was a 4 star coming out of San Antonio. He immediately became the starting LT for them and was a top player for them as well.
pros: Good athlete, moves very well. Great puller, throws nasty blocks on impact. Solid play strength for the size.
cons: Rough feet in pass sets, get too close together. Hands to high on punches in pass pro. Leans forward too much in pass pro.
take: It’s surprising Buford didn’t get more looks coming out of high school. He’s a solid athlete with good play strength and with coaching could be a solid NFL player.
OT Jack Snyder San Jose St 73
info: NA
pros: 6’5 310 and had a 90.9 grade in 2020. Played 3,600 snaps in his career. Easy in pass pro, can get depth and doesn’t open up too early.
cons: Dropped off in 2021, 67.6 grade. Needs to add some strength to his game, can get beat by power.
take: Snyder had a weird drop off in grade in 2021, but he’s still a solid athlete that played well. He just needs to add some muscle to handle stronger rushers in the NFL.
OT Obinna Eze TCU 72
info: NA
pros: Made in a lab, 6’6.5 320 pounds with an absurd 36 inch arm length. 3 years of starting experience with good pass blocking grades. Isn’t a bad linear athlete, can get off the line pretty well. Pretty good anchor and power in the run game.
cons: Can’t change direction at all, 8+ 3 cone drill. Needs to completely overhaul his pass sets. His feet are beyond sloppy, random steps and kicks in pass pro.
take: Eze is your prototypical developmental tackle, he has played ok but has all the measurables to be a starting tackle. He needs to completely relearn his technique but he could be a valuable player for a team down the line.
OT Ja’Tyre Carter Southern University 72
info: There’s not a lot of information on Carter but he was one of the best tackles in the SWAC. He was invited to the senior bowl because of his great career at Southern.
pros: Super low and smooth pass pro out of stance. Good power in the run game for the SWAC.
cons: No real competition played, not sure if he can hold up to any power.
take: Carter was a very good player in the SWAC and is very good in pass pro. It will be tough to translate to the NFL with his smaller size but he could possibly turn into a solid tackle.
OT Jordan Tucker North Carolina 72
info: NA
pros: 3 year starter and played at a 65+ grade each year. Great size, 6’6 340 he’s a mountain of a man. Can cave in the line in the run game, people mover.
cons: Not a fast player, gets off balance because his feet can’t keep up with rushers.
take: Tucker is a very large man that could benefit from losing some weight where he could be a starting NFL tackle.
OT Kellen Diesch Arizona St 71
info: NA
pros: Easy mover, super smooth and fast in his pass sets, hard to beat to the edge.
cons: Weak, won’t move anyone in the run game and will give ground. Bad build, high cut 300 pounds and short arms. One year starter his 5th year.
take: Diesch is a talented athlete that moves very well at the tackle position. That’s about all the positives though because he isn’t very strong and has a tough build for tackle.
OT Jarrid Williams Miami 71
info: NA
pros: Great length and a fluid mover, great in pass pro. 84.1 grade in 2021.
cons: Played 6 years in college and never because a physically dominate player.
take: Williams is a super smooth pass protector, can lock down any speed rusher he wants. He’s not the most physical player which you would like to see but he could turn into a starter.
OT Andrew Stueber Michigan 70
info: Stueber was a monster coming out of Connecticut and was a top recruit from the state. He didn’t play early partially due to an injury in 2019. He started his final 2 years and coaches loved him, he was a hard working linemane that gained respect around the conference. He was named 1st team Big 10 by coaches and a second team All American by coaches as well. The media didn’t give him much love but the football guys knew how good he was.
pros: Big man who can move, 6’7 330 and carries the weight well. When he gets a hold of a defender it’s game over. Solid in pass protection, good at staying in front of the defender.
cons: Not a quick player, he can lose on the first step too often. His pad level is not good with his height. Has to lunge a little too much and gets beat.
take: Stueber was a very good player for Michigan, with the size he has and the ability to move he should be drafted. He doesn’t play as in control as you would like but he definitely has the talent to play in the NFL.
OT Cade Mays Tennessee 70
info: Mays was a stud 5 star recruit coming out of Tennessee. His father was a captain at Tennessee and his brother was a guard there as well. Surprisingly he chose to go to Georgia where he got playing time. After 2 years he transferred to his hometown Vols and was a starter there for the rest of his career. He was named to the 2nd All SEC team his senior year to cap off a solid college career.
pros: Great size at 6’6 325. Very aggressive in the run game, will move DL off their spots. Solid pass sets, balanced and doesn’t get ran around easy.
cons: Plays high which allows defenders under his pads to bull rush him. Not very flexible nor a good athlete. Doesn’t keep defenders off his body by getting hands on.
take: Mays had a lot of high hopes as a top recruit and an early contributor but he never could dominate. He’s limited physically but he could still server as a starter in the NFL at some point with more coaching.
OT Rasheed Walker Penn St 70
info: NA
pros: 3 year starter at Penn St. Checks the size markers, 6’6 313 and 33.5 inch arms. Good first step in pass pro, hard to get to his outside. Has the strength to anchor down well.
cons: Never graded above a 71 at any point in his career. Leans a lot and can get thrown off balance. Hands are ok at best, has a hard time getting good fits.
take: Walker has some tools, like solid size and a good first step to play in the NFL. He never showed out in college because of his balance and hands but if he figures that out he can play in the NFL.
OT Vederian Lowe Illinois 70
info: NA
pros: Checks all the boxes, 6’5 315 and 35.5 inch arms. Leader for the Illinois offensive line. 5 years of experience at Illinois and improved throughout his career. Solid player overall, doesn’t lose badly because of length and solid athleticism.
cons: Slow feet in pass pro which causes him to try to overset to not lose the outside. Plays off balance too often, lunging and leaning in blocks.
take: Lowe has been a main stay at Illinois over the last 5 years. He’s a well built tackle whos a solid athlete which could allow him to play in the NFL.
OT Braxton Jones Southern Utah 70
info: Jones wasn’t recruited heavily out of Murray Utah so he attended Southern Utah. He started out on defense but by his Junior year he was their starting tackle. His next two season he played great and was named an FCS All American. And to top it all off he is a Ravens fan.
pros: Good Height at 6’7. Solid play strength, can move guys in the run game. Good athlete, quick feet and gets to landmarks.
cons: Plays really high, constantly getting out leveraged. Hard time getting hands on rushers.
take: Jones looks the part although he played against low level competition. If a team can get him to play with better leverage he could be an NFL starter.
OT Logan Bruss Wisconsin 70
info: NA
pros: 3 year starter at Wisconsin. Solid measurables at 6’5 310 33 inch arms and 10.75 inch hands. Ready to pick up any stunts in pass pro.
cons: Not a good athlete, tough to watch in space. Lets speed rushers get to his outside. A little too unbalanced when he’s on the move geting to the second level.
take: Bruss is an unathletic lineman but he has been solid for the badgers for the past 3 years. He will have a hard time blocking NFL lineman but he’s worth a shot.
OT Derek Kerstetter Texas 70
info: NA
pros: 31 bench reps at his pro day. 87.9 pass blocking grade in his final year. Started for 5 straight years, has a snap at every position. Smooth pass protector, doesn’t get over his toes. Plays with good hands, hand fights well and good positioning. Gives it his all, doesn’t give up on run blocks.
cons: Never graded above a 66 in the run game in 5 years. Core strength is below average, plays high and is susceptible to power and length. Slow feet, has a hard time reaching defenders in run game.
take: Kerstetter is a very versatile and technically sound player. He’s physically limited with his length and his lateral agility but he could be a fill in swing OL.
OT Ben Petrula Boston College 70
info: NA
pros: 5 year starter with 4000 career snaps. Grade as an 82.1 his final year. Played Center, Guard and Tackle. Very solid run blocker, strong base and can move defenders.
cons: Graded 60’s every year until his 5th. Not the best in pass pro, doesn’t have the top end athleticism to recover and mirror.
take: Petrula can play all 5 positions on the OL which is valuable and has 5 years of starting experience. He’s strong enough for the NFL, he just isn’t the level athlete you draft high.
OT Jean Delance Florida 70
info: NA
pros: 4 star recruit who originally went to Texas. Ran a fast 40 for his size. Moves really well in pass pro and open field.
cons: 55 PFF grade senior year. Struggles with some technique things, hands slip off too easy and a bit lungy.
take: Delance is such an easy mover and you can see in his bama tape he can pass pro. He’s not the strongest and needs to clean up his hands but he was solid.
OT TJ Jackson Ohio 70
info: NA
pros: Massive lineman, 6’7 375 that started at Virginia Tech. Can move dudes in the run game with ease.
cons: Needs to drop a few so he can move better. Sloppy technique, crosses feet and plays high.
take: Jackson moves well for 375 but needs to improve to becime a starting NFL OT.
OT Cordell Volson North Dakota St 69
info: NA
pros: Good size and length. PFF grade improved every year ending in an 89 and has never let up a sack. Strong and aggressive in the run game.
cons: Bad athletic testing numbers. Doesn’t have the quickness to handle speed or any quick moves. Played a lower level of competition.
take: Volson is a big strong tackle that is aggressive in the run game and played well in the FSC. It’s unknown whether he can play in the NFL with his lack of athleticism but he’s worth a flyer.
OT Dare Rosenthal Kentucky 69
info: NA
pros: Great athlete, ran a 4.88 at 6’7 290. Can move in space and mirror well. Smooth pass sets, tough to beat to the edge.
cons: Super lean, 290 pounds at 6’7, can struggle with power. Stands up out of stance to often. Bad hands, he has trouble engaging with defenders.
take: Rosenthal is an athletic long tackle that has multiple years of starting experience in the SEC. He doesn’t have the strength or the technique to play in the NFL but he could develop into something.
OT Matt Waletzko North Dakota 69
info: Waletzko was a 4 year starter for North Dakota and a solid player for them. He was named to the All FCS team after a very good senior year.
pros: Lands good punches in pass pro, keeps his hand in tight. Smooth in pass pro and doesn’t lose to speed. Good height/length at 6’7.
cons: He plays off balance in both pass and run game he stumbles often. Not much strength, he’s light for the position. Doesn’t move people in the run game.
take: Waletzko could get away with his build in the FCS and did quite effectively but it wont pass in the NFL. He needs to add some mass then he could be an NFL tackle.
OT Jake Fuzak Buffalo 69
info: NA
pros: Graded pretty well for PFF. Easy mover, can mirror very well and move in space.
cons: He’s super small, sub 300 at 6’5 and struggles with good power.
take: Fuzak is interesting because he moves so easily, exactly what you want from a tackle. He’s on the slimmer side though so he will need to bulk up for sure.
OT Caleb Jones Indiana 69
info: NA
pros: Massive dude 6’9 370 and started for 3 years.
cons: Struggles in pass pro with any speed.
take: Jones is a bad Daniel Falele. He’s an absolute unit that has a hard time moving.
OT Bamidele Olaseni Utah 69
info: NA
pros: Giant tackle 6’8 330, dwafs Thibs. Long arms and can move people in the run game.
cons: Sloppy feet, stuck in the mud and gets a narrow base.
take: Olaseni needs to get in better shape so he can move better, if he does he could be a starter.
OT Nick Zakelj Fordham 68
info: Zakelj was a menace for Fordham after he started playing in 2018. His second year he already was named All Patriot League first team. He was a captain and one of the best players on his team and he sure looked the part of a star tackle.
pros: He has bad intentions in the run game, he wants to burry defenders. Has good size and movement skills.
cons: Plays off balance too much, gets thrown around when defenders gets hands on him. Although he has good movement skills he allows people to the outside to easily.
take: Zakelj was clearly the best player on Fordham but with that being said it’s not a huge accomplishment. He has the physical ability to play in the NFL but some reps in the Nebraska game showed why he may not be ready to play immediately.
OT Austin Deculus LSU 69
info: NA
pros: Played 800 snaps for 4 straight seasons in the SEC. Good length and size, 6’5 320 and 34 inch arms. Strong player, can move people and anchor well.
cons: Never graded in the 70s in any year. Doesn’t have much movement skills, looks labored anytime he moves.
take: Deculus is your prototypical college tackle with great size. He is a solid player with sub-par athleticism which he got away with in college but against NFL pass rushers he will have troubles.
OT Uzo Osuji Boise St 68
info: NA
pros: Great Length has a really good build for a tackle.
cons: Plays off balance and with bad technique.
take: Osuji is a total project that needs a lot coaching, but you cant teach his build.
OT Barry Wesley Colorado St 68
info: NA
pros: Graded in the 70‘s his last 2 full years and played a lot of positions. Good length, 6’7 and solid strength.
cons: Not a good athlete, plays high and not fast.
take: Wesley has the size and versatility you look for, he’s just not the best athlete.
OT Isaac Weaver Old Dominion 68
info: NA
pros: Great stache and a team captain. Decent size and can crash the line down with his down blocks. Can play all 5 positions on the offensive line.
cons: Not a good athlete at all, not going to be able to cut people off well.
take: Weaver is a solid lineman with the size and strength, he’s just not the level athlete that gets drafted.
OT Devin Cochran Georgia Tech 68
info: NA
pros: Great length, 6’7 and long arms. Mean player, has the nasty mindset and is solid in pass pro.
cons: Not the strongest linemen and is a little clunky.
take: Cochran in a long solid offensive lineman that graded decently for PFF. He’s physically limited by not being a top level athlete, but he could be a backup.
OT AJ Arcuri Michigan St 68
info: NA
pros: Played pretty well against Michigans edges with good length.
cons: Not a good run blocker, not a quick athlete or very strong.
take: Arcuri is a long tackle that can pass block pretty well, he’s just not a good athlete.
OT Scott Lashley Mississippi St 68
info: NA
pros: Great length and build, was a 4 star commit to bama.
cons: Couldn’t play at bama but never played well at all.
take: Lashley has the build you look for in a tackle, the play was never there but he is worth a shot.
OT Sage Doxtater New Mexico St 68
info: NA
pros: Great size and a people mover, 6’7 350.
cons: Not a good mover, slow feet and can struggle to move in space.
take: Doxtater has the size and graded solidly for the last 3 years. But, he can’t move well at all, he needs to lose weight to play in the NFL.
OT Erik Swenson Oklahoma 68
info: NA
pros: Graded back to back 83/84 seasons. Has the size and power for the NFL, 6’6 328 and can move guys.
cons: A little stiff, doesn’t move very well but it’s not the worst. Never was a full time starter any year.
take: Swenson is a projection because he only started one game in 2021 and only has 1,300 snaps in 5 years. He’s got the size and strength but is a sub par athlete that looks like a backup tackle in the NFL.
OT Beau Morris SMU 68
info: NA
pros: 2,290 career snaps at 6’6 310 and has good pass pro movement skills.
cons: Never graded above 65 and isn’t very strong.
take: Morris never played against the top tier competition or graded well, but he has the size and can move.
OT Jahmir Johnson Texas A&M 68
info: NA
pros: Played in the SEC for 4 years and has the 6’5 300 build.
cons: Not a powerful tackle, he’s not going to be physically imposing.
take: Johnson is a solid tackle who played in the SEC but only started one full year. He needs to get better technique to be a backup NFL tackle.
OT Chris Paul Tulsa 67
info: Paul is an interesting guy, he was born in Nigeria and is much more than a football player. He loves to produce music and is working on his MBA after getting his degree in computer information systems. He started for Tulsa in 2018 and beyond where he was a staple on the OL.
pros: He’s a strong player when he gets hands on him.
cons: Very inflexible, high hips in stance. Not a fluid athlete especially in pass pro. Loves to hold because he can’t recover.
take: Paul isn’t good enough to play in the NFL. Ohio State took him apart and it will only get worse.
OT Valentino Daltoso Cal 67
info: NA
pros: A solid OL that doesn’t lose many times. Solid length, can get to edges pads.
cons: Not a good athlete or a powerful tackle. Plays a little stiff and not always in a strong powerful position.
take: Daltoso is another average college tackle that can get the job done but doen’t add much to an offense. He doesn’t have the strength or athleticism to be a good NFL starter.
OT Ken Marks Louisiana Lafayette 67
info: NA
pros: Got an 84.8 grade in 2021. Strong run blocker, will drive DL down the field.
cons: 6th year senior with one good year. Clunky in the pass game, not a fluid athlete.
take: Marks is a good run blocker and an tough pass protector.
OT Ja’Chai Baker South Alabama 67
info: NA
pros: Great size and an ok athlete, 6’6 324.
cons: Not good, graded terribly, high of a 56.
take: Maybe bring him to camp because he’s well built but he’s bad at football.
OT Michael Niese Temple 67
info: NA
pros: Graded at an 84.2 PFF grade in 2021. Solid athlete, can mirror well.
cons: Not the longest arms or the best anchor.
take: Niese needs to add strength to play in the NFL, he’s athletic but he’s smaller.
OT TJ Storment Texas Tech 67
info: NA
pros: Good size, 6’7 320.
cons: Not good, not athletic or a physical player.
take: Storment has the size only that is it.
OT Ryan Nelson Virginia 67
info: NA
pros: 3000 career snaps at both guard and tackle.
cons: Plays high and without much strength.
take: Nelson is a versatile OL that needs to add some strength to his game and play lower.
OT Luke Tenuta Virgina Tech 66
info: NA
pros: PFF graded him high for 2 years. Son of a football coach.
cons: High cut tackle with short arms, 6’8 32 inch arms with mediocre testing numbers. Lets guys into his pads and plays high.
take: Tenuta may have graded well for PFF but his physical ability isn’t at the NFL level. He doesn’t have the length to play tackle and he’s 6’8 with no leverage.
OT Brodarious Hamm Auburn 66
info: NA
pros: Beat cancer in 2016. Massive dude, nobody will be out matching him there on the edge.
cons: One year starter as a senior. Slow feet, doesn’t move well. Not flexible, gets off balance too often.
take: Hamm is a large man and that’s where the positives stop really. He’s not a great athlete so it will be tough for him.
OT Chibueze Nwanna Charlotte 66
info: NA
pros: Big man, 6’6 330 and looks like a giant.
cons: Moves terribly, not athletic or flexible.
take: Besides the size there is nothing exciting about his game.
OT Carson Van-Lynn Duke 66
info: NA
pros: Good length, has the tackle build.
cons: Wasn’t a full-time starter at Duke. Sloppy footwork and a waist bender.
take: Besides the length Van-Lynn doesn’t do much else good.
OT Justin Chase East Carolina 66
info: NA
pros: Great build, 6’5 315 with good length.
cons: A terrible pass protector, always off balance and lunging.
take: Chase has the build but is an atrocious pass blocker.
OT Liam Dobson Texas St 66
info: NA
pros: Plays in the USFL and the CFL.
cons: Probably not good.
take: Didn’t watch.
OT Mark Brooks Western Michigan 66
info: NA
pros: Played for 3 years with 81 grades a 73 in 2021. Decent strength an solid in the run game.
cons: Slower feet, doesn’t mirror in pass pro well.
take: Brooks is an ok tackle that will struggle with NFL rushers.
OT Myron Cunningham Arkansas 65
info: NA
pros: Has the size, 34 inch arms at 6’5 320. Team captain.
cons: The worst athlete ever, couldn’t even broad jump 100 inches. Plays super high and very slow. His feet are terrible, no speed in them and plays with a bad base.
take: Cunningham looks like he plays in slow motion at all times. If he didn’t have size he would be awful.
OT Steven Bedosky Costal Carolina 65
info: NA
pros: Looks like he has good length compared to teammates.
cons: Slow feet and gets beat to the edge too easily.
take: Bedosky isn’t anything special, he’s slow and doesn’t have much power.
OT Gene Pryor Hawaii 65
info: NA
pros: 3 year starter and ended with a 75 grade. Solid movement skills, can react to speed and stunts well.
cons: Not big enough at all 6’2 sub 300 and struggles with any power.
take: Pryor had a solid grade and is a decent athlete, but he’s too small.
OT Dennis Bardwell Houston 65
info: NA
pros: Deecent length and had a 70 PFF grade in 2021.
cons: On the ground a lot, not the longest or best hands and gets beat by power.
take: Bardwell played decent for the cougars but he’s not an NFL tackle.
OT Luke Campbell Michigan St 65
info: NA
pros: Played well as a true freshman.
cons: Lost his starting spot and regressed the rest of his career.
take: Didn’t watch.
OT Marcus Tatum UCF 65
info: NA
pros: Improved every year and had a 80 pff pass block grade.
cons: Never broke 70 for PFF. Bad athlete, can’t handle speed to the outside.
take: Tatum doesn’t have the footspeed to play tackle in the NFL.
OT Liam Ryan Washington St 65
info: NA
pros: Used to a lot of pass pro, 2000 pass block snaps.
cons: Not much of a run blocker. Can’t handle any power.
take: Ryan cannot handle any power, he needs to add strength to have any chance.
OT Andrew Rupcich Culver-Stockton College 64
info: NA
pros: Played well against high schoolers.
cons: Didn’t show out at the combine. Just didn’t dominate like he needed to in his lower level of competition.
take: Rupcich is not good. He may get a shot at the NFL because his size but he wont be good.
OT Bill Kuduk Kent St 64
info: NA
pros: Played over 1000 snaps his senior year.
cons: On the lighter side an a little weak.
take: It Kuik 5 years to play but he still didn’t look good when he did.
OT Tristan Schultz Liberty 64
info: NA
pros: Starting for 4 years at tackle.
cons: Graded a 55.1 as a senior.
take: Didn’t watch.
OT Sam Schluteter Minnesota 64
info: NA
pros: He played a lot of tackle in his career.
cons: Terrible feet, slow and can get beat inside and out.
take: Schluteter is not good.
OT Greg Long Purdue 64
info: NA
pros: Graded 74 in 2021.
cons: One year starter out of 6. Awful app pro, doesn’t know how to and isn’t long.
take: Long can’t pass pro, he backpedals.
OT Ryan Van-Demark Uconn 63
info: NA
pros: Good length and a 4 year starter.
cons: Probably sucks, 59 grade.
take: Didn’t watch.
OT Wesley French Western Michigan 63
info: NA
pros: He played ok.
cons: One year starter with a 63.7 grade. Not a good athlete, easy to go around him.
take: French is not an NFL tackle.
OT Kaleb Slaven Ball St 62
info: NA
pros: Experienced tackle, with 2400 snaps.
cons: Super underweight and not long. Weak and slow blocker, everything beats him.
take: Slaven is not good, he looks out of place.
OT Jovaun Woolford Rice 62
info: NA
pros: Went to Colgate.
cons: Never graded above a 60.
take: Didn’t watch.