QB Sam Howell North Carolina 88
info: Howell was a highly rated quarterback coming out of Sun Valley high school in North Carolina where he won the award for Gatorade player of the year for North Carolina. He decided to stay local and he immediately won the starting QB job his freshman year. He played well both years especially in 2020 racking up 3500 yards, 30 TDs and 7 INTs. According to PFF he had a 91.5 grade and had may big time throws (30) with only 8 turnover worthy plays. This impressive season landed him a second team All ACC selection only behind the Trevor Lawrence. His Junior year was a step down but not as much as the stats would say. He graded in the 90’s again and was voted an all-ACC honorable mention after losing his top 4 weapons from the year before.
pros: Good stocky build. Good athleticism for position. Works a pocket well. Good accuracy all over the field. Beautiful deep ball, best in the country. Can play both within structure and outside at a high level. Can make full field reads already with regularity. Elusive against the rush. Great base on throws every time. Fits tight window slants a lot. Understands windows in zones and throws receiver into space. Don’t give him a clean pocket to throw from, he’s great from there. Added a good running game his junior year.
cons: Not an ideal height at only 6’1/6’2. His release is a little slow in the short game. Doesn’t find hot receiver well when faced with unblocked pressure. Has moments where he doesn’t care about safeties over the top. Would like to see slightly quicker decisions, sometimes overthinks it. Needs to learn to throw away and live for another day. Playmakers in 2020 really helped him. Played worse against good SEC competition when things weren’t going his way. May have the Baker problem of thinking he is athletic. Holds ball to long when pressure is coming.
take: Howell is the kind of quarterback that I have a hard time seeing fail in the NFL. He has shown ability to go through full field read, evade rushers in the pocket and throw dots to covered receivers down the field. Although he may not have the arm strength to put a team on his back, if Howell is in a good situation he will light up defenses.
QB Malik Willis Liberty 94
info: Willis was tagged as a 3 star recruit coming out of Roswell in Atlanta Georgia. He didn’t receive many offers but he got a few including one from Auburn where he ended up committing. He followed his former Offensive coordinator to Liberty in 2019 and sat out a year because of the transfer rules. In his first year starting he showed sparks. He earned an 83 PFF rushing grade and made defenders miss at a RB level. His passing was good and bad, he ended up having 20 BTT compared to 19 TWP. His RS Junior year he cracked the 90’s for a PFF grade but didn’t play well in the most important test against Ole Miss.
pros: Has the most live arm in the draft. Great running ability, looks like a slowed down Lamar Jackson. Off platform throws look easy. Can fit the ball in very tight zone windows. Great build, very muscular. Had to deal with a garbage OL and still had success.
cons: Sloppy feet. Doesn’t hold on to the ball well. Doesn’t go through reads consistently. Totally unrefined as a quarterback. Bone headed plays throwing deep.
take: Willis has the raw tools to be the best quarterback in the NFL and it’s not close. He is a very raw prospect but given a good coaching staff and a willingness to learn and dedicate himself to the position may lead him to be a future hall of famer.
QB D’eriq King Miami 69
info: King was a good recruit coming out of Manvel in Texas where he actually started over the second-round pick Kyle Trask and got to compete in the elite 11. His rood to Miami was bumpy though, he originally committed to TCU before flipping that to Houston where he started his college career.  It started well and in 2018 he broke out and headed into the 2019 season as a Heisman contender. Early in the season Houston was struggling so the Head Coach asked king to sit out a year so he saves eligibility. King did that but instead of coming back he transferred to Miami where in 2020 he lead the hurricanes back to a winning team before tearing his ACL in their bowl game. He immediately became a team leader becoming a team captain in 2020 and earned All ACC Honorable mention to go along with it. PFF backs this theme up, he received an 88 passing grade while throwing 21 big time throws to go along with 7 turnover worthy plays. His Final College season was very disappointing, he played against Alabama and got blown out before an injury took away his season.
pros: Understands how to throw receivers open. Good use of touch and power on different throws. Good athlete, can be a part of run game. Always has a good base under him. Throws with solid anticipation.
cons: Undersized through and through. Old prospect, going to have 6 college years under his belt. Tore ACL in bowl game in 2020. Mediocre NFL arm strength. Deep ball accuracy is very inconsistent. Maybe because his playmakers weren’t great but off script never made many big plays down the field. Struggles a lot with pressure up the middle.
take: King is a great college quarterback and a team leader. He has shown that he can operate an offense and hit the open receivers as well as use his legs to give the offense an extra element. He isn’t the NFL caliber player physically being under 6 feet and not having a great arm, but he certainly can operate in the NFL.
QB Matt Corral Ole Miss 80
info: Corral was a 4 star recruit coming out of So Cal and had a very rocky recruit profile. In 2016 he committed to nearby USC which didn’t last for long after he fell out of favor with them when he and Wayne Gretzky’s son got into a fight at a basketball game of all thing that could happen. He then committed to Florida but after a rocky start to the season the Gators fired their head coach and replaced him with Dan Mullen. The Gators then told Corral he was not their top guy it was actually Terry Wilson. Ole Miss actually came in last second before he went to Florida and he decided to commit to Ole Miss and never went to Florida. This was a good decision for him as he has had a prolific College career thanks to Lane Kiffin and what Kiffin says is a “Generational” type of arm talent. He started the last 2 years and completed around 70% of his passes while throwing for 3k+ yards in both seasons.
pros: Natural arm talent is great. Super fast release. Very accurate all over the field. Good athlete for the position. Good decisions on initial read, doesn’t try to force many throws. Effortless deep ball, just look at the Arkansas 63 yard throw. Great touch on deeper throws. Played through double hurt ankles vs Auburn.
cons: A little slim for the position, needs to add some size. Past first read he’s not that impressive at making plays. When not in rhythm he doesn’t use his legs well, doesn’t set them on throws. Struggles to throw with pressure. Doesn’t work the pocket well.
take: The natural ability of Corral is very apparent when you watch him, some throws will make your jaw drop. He has all the tools to be great in the league he just needs to develop more as a quarterback to be a great player in the league.
QB Kenny Pickett Pitt 78
info: Kenny Pickett is the wise old man of this draft class, 2021 was his 6th year of starting experience. He has all the records you could hold for Pitt (See ya Marino) and he capped off his career with a stand out 6th season. He graded off the charts for PFF while throwing for over 4k yards and 40 TDs. That season led Pitt to the ACC Championship game and was voted first team All-ACC
pros: Has good accuracy all over the field. Good at timing routes when they clear up. Can make all the throws needed. Keeps the ball out of harms way.
cons: Many one read then scrambles. One year of good play. He is old for this class. His arm isn’t good for the NFL. No real threat of running. In Clemson game didn’t take a lot of easy quick routes.
take: Pickett played very well his senior name and put his name into day 1 consideration. He may not have the ability of the top QBs but he certainly proved he can play at a high level with his tools.
QB Jack Coan Notre Dame 70
info: Coan was an all time high school quarterback coming out of Long Island. He broke the passing yards record for total career yards in a career and was named New York Gatorade Player of the year for it. He committed to Wisconsin and made his first start his Sophomore year and was the full time starter his junior year in 2019. He sat out 2020 and transferred to Notre Dame for his final season and lead the Fighting Irish to a top 6 ranking.
pros: Won a lot of games as a starter. Has NFL arm strength Good decision maker, doesn’t put the ball in harms way too often. Finds checkdown well.
cons: Not top end traits. Deep ball accuracy isn’t good. No mobility, especially in the NFL. Not much of a playmaker, more of a game manager.
take: Coan had a great college career at 2 blue blood programs leading both programs to very successful seasons. He is a good college quarterback that could be a good backup quarterback to start his career.
QB Desmond Ridder Cincinnati 81
info: Ridder was not a highly recruited guy coming out of Kentucky. His only interest came from Cincinnati where he committed and would lead to a great 3 seasons. He was the AAC rookie of the year and then was the AAC Player of the year the next two years. His success led Cincinnati to a playoff birth the most success the program has ever seen.
pros: Knows how to attack defenses well. Good runner, can be used on designed runs. Great at throwing spot routes and between zones. Leader, had unbelievable success in his career. Good feet, always ready to uncork one.
cons: His accuracy has never been very good. His arm isn’t special, probably an average NFL arm.
take: Ridder had an unbelievable college career. He is a winner to say the least which could lead him to get a shot as a starter in the NFL. He may not have the traits of a top quarterback but he has enough talent for a flyer on him in round one.
QB Carson Strong Nevada 75
info: Strong wasn’t heavily recruited possibly because he got hurt his senior year and Nevada should be very thankful for that. Ever since he took over as the starting QB he’s looked out of place at Nevada and was their best player. His final season just confirmed that because he threw 4k yards and 70% completion percentage.
pros: Great at getting through progressions, has done many full field reads. Beautiful deep ball, drops them in a bucket. Great mechanics, always lined up well and has a good base. Good stature, can put on some size and have a good build.
cons: Too many times he let a hook zone close in when trying to throw between zones.. No mobility to speak of.
take: Strong had a great career and is very NFL ready, he has a lot of experience with progressions and is accurate. But he has no real upside because his physical limitations. He should be a great backup for a long time.
QB Bailey Zappe Western Kentucky 74
info: Zappe came out of nowhere to put up an absurd 2021 season. He followed his former Houston Baptist coach to Western Kentucky and absolutely killed the competition. He threw for nearly 6k yards and 70% completion percentage. He was the conference USA player of the year do to this high volume passing attack.
pros: Unreal production his final year. Super accurate down the field. Good at extending plays and keeping eyes down the field. Goes through full field progressions.
cons: Small at 6/6’1. Doesn’t have a very strong arm. Not precise with short/intermediate routes. Likes to create for himself a little too much.
take: Zappe was fun to watch in college, the offense ran entirely through him and he delivered. He doesn’t have the physical talent to be a top end starter but he may surprise people and have a solid career.
QB Dustin Crum Kent St 72
info: Crum was a very successful quarterback coming out of Midview in Ohio where he was a Mr Ohio finalist for 2 straight years. He committed to Kent State where he played sparingly his 1st two years before being the full time starter his junior year. He showed great flashes in his career where he was named first team ALL-MAC and threw for a total of 55 TDs and 12 INTs.
pros: He made a lot of plays with his legs over his Kent State career. He’s fairly accurate with the ball, not many missed throws. Solid size for the position with a good amount of experience.
cons: Very simple offense with a lot of one read and runs. Played a lower level of competition where he looked like a better athlete than he is. His release time and arm strength are not a plus attribute, slow delivery with average arm.
take: Crum has shown a lot of flashes of great play albeit at Kent State. He may not have the talent to be an NFL starter but he has shown that he can take care of the ball and make plays which could lead him to be a solid NFL backup.
QB Kaleb Eleby Western Michigan 68
info: Eleby was a top 10 player in Missouri coming out of Maryland Heights. He was interested in Illinois before committing to Western Michigan. He got some playing time in 2018 throwing for over 1000 yards but didn’t get any playing time in 2019. He became the full time starter in 2020 where PFF had him as 1st team ALL-MAC with 18 TDs and 2 INTs. His stats went a little down in 2021 but he still had a solid season throwing for 3,200 yards and 23 TDs 6 INTs.
pros: Good accuracy to all levels of the field. Solid athlete, has the escape ability if needed. A lot of decisions in his hands for the offense, a lot of reading RPOs.
cons: Throw power is average, nothing special. One read only really, a lot of RPOs and screens. Struggled with pressure in 2021. On the shorter side of the position.
take: Eleby was a very good quarterback for Western Michigan, he was the catalyst for that offense. He is lacking the elite traits to be a starting NFL QB especially because he never had to do full field reads. He should be taken late and could be a solid backup.
QB Cole Kelley Southeastern Louisiana 70
info: Kelley has had an interesting path coming out of Teurlings Catholic in Louisiana. He committed to play for the Razorbacks where he got some starts immediately where he played fairly well. He ended up transferring to Southeastern Louisiana where in 2021 (6 years after HS) he went off throwing for over 5000 yards and 40 Tds.
pros: Massive dude, looks like a giant out there at 6’7 260. Pretty accurate, looked good and had a +70% completion percentage. Went through full field reads.
cons: Not a cannon like you would expect from his size. Not an elusive player, to big to have much burst. Already 24 years old. Competition was lacking, SE LA not a power house.
take: Kelley is interesting, 20 years ago he would be a prototypical QB with the size, starts, and strength. Now though he is lacking the great mobility and is pretty old as well as not seeing much great competition. I can see him being a solid backup like Kurt Benkert.
QB EJ Perry Brown 69
info: Brown had a great HS career at Andover in Massachusetts where he has a share of the passing TD tittle in the state. He committed to BC where he could never become the full-time starter so he transferred to the Ivy league and attended Brown. He immediately was named 1st team All-Ivy and set an Ivy record for total offense.
pros: Went to an Ivy school so has to be smart. A solid athlete with a solid arm, fits the ball into tight windows. Has full field reads. Great athletic testing and helped cleanup the field after the combine.
cons: Played lower level competition. Played terrible under pressure. Down the sideline throws were not great.
take: Perry is tough to project because of the league he played in, he has some good tools but he never dominated like you would have liked to see. I could see him turning out to be a solid QB in the league but he’s an unknown.
QB Brock Purdy Iowa St 68
info: Purdy was a star in the state of Arizona where he was the Gatorade player of the year. He committed to Iowa State over schools like Alabama and A&M because he could start immediately, which he did. He was the Big 12 Freshman of the year after an impressive freshman season and he kept it going through the rest of his career. He finished his career as Iowa States all time leading passer and a 70+ completion percentage his final year.
pros: Has escalability to his game, he can work a pocket. Pretty accurate with the ball, not many missed throws. A lot of experience and success throughout his career.
cons: Doesn’t have NFL arm strength. Likes to bail out of pocket too fast.
take: Purdy is a good college QB but that is probably it. He doesn’t have the tools to push the ball down the field which limits his game too much to ever be a starter.
QB Skylar Thompson Kansas St 67
info: Thompson was a solid 3 star recruit coming out of Fort Osage HS where he was the Missouri Gatorade player of the year in 2015. He committed to Kansas State where he redshirted in 2016 before seeing starts at the end of the 2017 season. He’s had an injury filled career but ended with 40 starts and his final season completing nearly 70% of his passes and 2300 yards. 
pros: Good running threat, tough runner that will grit out a run. Decent arm strength and accuracy. 
cons: Not a top tier trait to his game. Never threw for 3k yards in 5 years. Older quarterback that looks to be ideal for the college game. 
info: Thompson is you stereotypical good “College” Quarterback. He has the toughness and mobility along with a good enough arm to lead his team to victories. But, I’m the NFL players like him don’t pan out to often meaning he will probably be relegated to a backup.
QB Jarrt Guarantano Washington St 68
info: NA
pros: Great arm strength, can really zip the ball around the field. Good size and athlete, 6'4 and can run. Sophmore year breakout, 80+ PFF grade.
cons: Regressed after his breakout sophmore campaign. Long release motion, really winds it up. Not the accuaracy you would like to see.
take: Guarantano was in position to be drafted highly after his sophmore year but coaching changes turned into a downslide in his play. He went from a strong armed athletic QB with potential to a backup.

