RB Breece Hall Iowa St 78
info: Hall had a prolific career at Iowa St. Being a 4-star recruit coming out of Kansas he delivered on the hype racking up award after award and leading Iowa state to multiple very good years. He had a modest 900 yards his freshman year being named a freshman All-American. He followed that up with back to back Big 12 Offensive Player of the years and consensus All-Americans.
pros: Great vision, uses great patients to let blocks develop and hit openings in the defense. Great contact balance, runs through arm tackles and is always balanced. Good receiver for an RB. Bell cow, 590 touches in the 3 years.
cons: Jis quickness quickness isn’t special. For the lack of explosiveness he also isn’t power back either.
take: Hall was the most productive back in college football for the last 3 years. There is a reason for that he is a talented back that has great vision with the ball. He may not have an elite physical trait to him but he will be a good starting RB.
RB Kenneth Walker Michigan St 78
info: Walker was a 3 star back coming out of Arlington Tennessee and originally committed to Wake Forest. He ran for 579 yard in back to back years there before deciding to take his talents to Michigan State where he could be the featured back. He took the starting job and ran with it, rushing for over 1,600 yards and picked up the Doak Walker award for the nations best RB.
pros: Great change of direction and acceleration. Runs with great power for his size. Breaks a lot of tackles with his shiftiness. Bell cow back that produced every game his final year. Showed flashes of good hands.
cons: Not much receiving experience. Not strong in pass protection. Smaller frame to him.
take: Walker was a very productive back for Michigan State. He has everything you could want when he has the ball in his hand. He’s a good athlete, elusive and has power which should translate well to the NFL. He should be able to step in and be a day one starter.
RB Dameon Pierce Florida 76
info: Pierce was a 4-star recruit coming out of Bainbridge in Georgia where he had many SEC offers. He initially committed to Bama but flipped his commitment to Florida. He didn’t have the career he expected only starting 11 games in his career and never having a 600+ yard season.
pros: Bowling ball with the ball, a lot of power behind him. Has break away speed, not only a power back. Acceleration is great especially for size. Has some great catches on his tape.
cons: Was never very productive any year. Doesn’t make people miss, more of just a truck stick.
take: Pierce was criminally underused at Florida, he was an animal with the ball in his hands. He has incredible power along with great explosion and could easily be a featured back. If he showed that he could be a featured back he has the ability to be RB1.
RB Kyren Williams Notre Dame 74
info: Williams committed to Notre Dame after an impressive career in St Louis MO. He didn’t play much his true freshman season but his sophomore year he took the lead back roll and didn’t let go. He was a vital piece in Notre Dames run to the playoffs which may have earned him captainship his senior year. They may not have made the playoffs in 2021 but he still had an impressive season for the Irish.
pros: Best pass protecting back in the class. Great out of the backfield, hands are a plus. Shifty back, can shake dudes out of their shoes. Good contact balance, takes a lot to bring him down. Nasty stiff arm.
cons: Smaller back at sub 200. Not going to run many people over.
take: Williams is the most pro ready right now due to his pass pro. He’s going to be a great 3rd down back and has the ability to be an every down back.
RB Hassan Haskins Michigan 74
info: NA
pros: Does a good job in pass pro both in chipping and taking on blitzer. Good size and strength, has the ability to power through runs. Good contact balance, able to keep his feet moving and stay off the ground. Solid vision and burst, waits for the hole to open and gets through it quick.
cons: Not a top tier athlete, won’t be blowing by any defenders. One year of good production, doubled his career yards his final year.
take: Haskins is a do it all back that could easily be a starting NFL back. He has the size, strength and the contact balance to be a good back that can start for a team. He may never be a Dalvin Cook home run threat but he’s a very solid back.
RB James Cook Georgia 73
info: If the name Cook rings a bell you aren’t mistaken. James Cook is the younger brother of All-Pro RB Dalvin Cook and the apple didn’t fall far from the tree. He was highly rated recruited that wound up committing to Georgia over Florida State. He never got the lead back role while he was there but that’s because Georgia isn’t short in the talent department. His final year he ended with 700 yards and a national championship which is a great way to enter the NFL draft.
pros: Great top end speed, won’t get caught by a LB. Cutting ability is great, changes directions with ease. Great hands out of the backfield, could be a low end receiver. Great routes for a running back, sharp cuts.
cons: Never was a lead back and probably wont ever be. Doesn’t have the strength to run through anyone. Never had to block in pass pro.
take: Cook is your prototypical 3rd down back with great speed and great hands. He may not be your feature do it all back that play in short yardage situations or consistently block but he is a top tier athlete and a great change of pace.
RB Jerrion Ealy Ole Miss 73
info: Ealy has been a star ever since high school, both in football and baseball. In high school at Jackson Prep he was a monster and was tagged as a 5 star recruit. Not only was he a top recruit in the nation, he got drafted to the Arizona Diamondbacks. He committed to Ole Miss to play both sports and immediately became a key piece for the Rebels running for 700+ yards. He didn’t do much better than that in his next 2 seasons but he was very efficient rushing for nearly 6 YPC.
pros: Great athlete, you can easily tell that he is a better athlete than most people on the field. Great contact balance, doesn’t fall down easily. Explosive athlete, has the acceleration and the elusiveness.
cons: For some reason wasn’t the bell cow, 3 back system at ole miss. Not the biggest RB, only 200 and won’t be running anyone over. Not sure if he can hold up in pass pro.
take: Some guys are just better athletes than the rest and Ealy is that guy. Not many guys can go pro in 2 sports but he certainly will and its because he’s such an explosive skilled athlete. He may be on the small side but if a team is a zone heavy team he could be a great lead back for them.
RB Brian Robinson Alabama 73
info: Robinson is the typical Alabama story. He was a 4-star recruit out of Hillcrest in Tuscaloosa and was buried in the depth chart due to guys like Damien Harris and Najee Harris. He didn’t break the 100 carry mark until his senior season where he put together a great senior campaign. He got over 1300 yards and 14 TDs and was named to the All SEC 1st team and was a vital part of the top seeded bama team.
pros: Big back at 6’1 220. Runs with great physicality, always gets extra yardage after contact. Solid athlete for the size.
cons: Not very strong in pass pro. Only 1 year of starting and ran behind Alabamas OL. Not twitchy, not making people miss too much.
take: Robinson is definitely and NFL back, he has the size and strength to get a role in the NFL. He may not be the most electric back nor the fastest but he’s a good enough athlete to carry the load for a team if needed.
RB Zamir White Georgia 72
info: NA
pros: 3 years of production for Georgia. Good size at 6 foot 215. Team captain his senior year. Great athlete with acceleration and speed. Can squeeze through tight spaces and get past them fast.
cons: Not a 3rd down back (from college), 16 career reception and a poor pass blocker. Not a powerful runner given his size. Gets tackled to easily, arm tackles will slow him up.
take: Georgia’s backfield did not lack speed with White and Cook they formed a scary backfield. He is a top tier athlete that looks the part and played well in the SEC. He won’t be a star back in the NFL, he lacks the strength for that but he would be a great back for a homerun threat.
RB Bryant Koback Toledo 72
info: NA
pros: Was Toledos main back for 4 straight years. 0 fumbles his final 2 years. 4.46 YAC and ran for 1,401 and 15 TDs. Good contact balance and burst so can bust through a line and get to the second level quick. Dominated the lower level competition.
cons: Put up a lot of stats against iffy competition, ran away from inferior athletes.
take: Koback put up a lot of numbers and many of them were his own doing, averaging 4.46 YAC. He doesn’t have many downsides to his game except he wasn’t going against top competition week in and week out.
RB Tyler Badie Missouri 72
info: Badie was a late bloomer in both HS and Missouri. In Highschool he went from 400 yards his junior year to over 1000 yards his senior year which got him a 3 star status. He immediately played for Missouri getting 400 yards and being named to the SEC all freshman team. He stayed around that level of production until his final year where he ran for over 1000 yards which led to him being voted 1st team ALL-SEC.
pros: Dense frame, all good weight on him. Low center of gravity, good contact balance and shifty ness. Great acceleration, he takes off in a hurry and nobody catches him.
cons: Not a lot of pass pro where he could struggle. Sub 200 lbs even though he has some power. 1 year full time starter.
take: Badie really helped himself his last year showing that he is dangerous to hit a home run on any given run. It is still to be determined if he can protect the passer and play on all downs with his weight but he’s a threat every time he has the ball.
RB Tyler Allgeier BYU 72
info: Allgeier was the all-time leading rusher fir Kaiser High School in California. The power back brough his talents to BYU, he became the lead back when he was a junior. He had a very productive 2 years there rushing for 1.1k then 1.6k back to back years.
pros: Big strong back with a good build, 5’11 220. Runs through high tackles, is a load to bring down. Good pass protector, willing to take on blitzers.
cons: No twitch to his game, slow acceleration. Speed and agility are lacking as well, power back only.
take: Allgeier was an ultra productive back for BYU and has a lot of strength to his game. He isn’t a good athlete though and at only 220 you would want to see more explosiveness out of him. He could be a 3rd back on a team and fill in if needed and be used in short yardage.
RB Pierre Strong South Dakota St 73
info: NA
pros: Team captain and FCS All American. 3 years of great production. Looks to have good speed (low level of competition). Slips through the OL to find gaps in the defense.
cons: Played at a lower level of competition. Not a big or powerful runner. Doesn’t have the juice to make people miss.
take: Strong made the FCS defenders look like the were out classed. He would blow right by them and created a lot of big plays for the Jac Rabbits. He has the potential to be a solid homerun threat for a team, but it’s unkown if his athleticism will translate to the NFL.
RB Jaylen Warren Oklahoma St 72
info: NA
pros: Great production his final year at OK St, 1200 yards and 230 receiving yards. Stout build at 5’8 205. A lot of broken tackles with quickness, good center of gravity and tough running.
cons: Not a burner, won’t outrun many people. Smaller back that won’t bring much power to the NFL.
take: Warren reminds me a little of Devin Singletary, he has a smaller build but breaks a bunch of tackles. They can get out muscled for sure because of his size but he has the ability to create when nothing is there.
RB Cam’Ron Harris Miami 72
info: NA
pros: Solid build, 5’10 210. 4 star recruit with 4 years of production and over 5 YPC. Absolute unit, great at running through tacklers with his size and strength. Can make cuts well and send defenders flying past him.
cons: Season ending injury in 2021. Missing the great burst that you would like to see, more of a tackle breaker.
take: Cam’Ron Harris is an underrated back that never got a great shot at being a featured back. He has an ideal build and is a great tackle breaker which should allow him to be a starting RB.
RB Jerome Ford Cincinnati 71
info: Ford was a great back out of Armwood HS in Florida where he got offers from teams like Alabama and Nebraska. He ultimately committed to Bama where he was buried in the depth chart before transferring to Cincinnati. He got the starting job his senior year where he ran for 1,319 yards on 215 attempts.
pros: Averaged 6.1 yards per carry on 215 attempts, very efficient. 0 drops his senior season. Runs with good power, keeps his legs churning. Solid burst through the line.
cons: One year of good production. Doesn’t make people miss particularly well.
take: Ford was a key piece for the Bearcats offense, running with a lot of power. He could be a solid starting running back in the NFL but probably will never be a high end back because he doesn’t make people miss well.
RB Isaiah Spiller Texas A&M 71
info: Spiller was a 4-star coming out of Klein Collins in Texas and stayed local by committing to A&M. He immediately became their starter and almost broke the 1k mark and was named a SEC All-Freshman. He eclipsed the 1k mark the next two yeats and was voted 2nd team All SEC.
pros: Good size, 6’1 215. Really good jump cuts, doesn’t lose much speed when he puts his foot in the ground. Production for 3 year and as a true freshman.
cons: Doesn’t have the power you want for 215. Doesn’t run through contact very well.
take: Spiller was a very productive running back for 3 straight years for the Aggies. He has the quickness to change directions very well but he’s lacking a trump card like power or speed. He can be a good back up in the NFL and pick up what is blocked well.
RB Ty Chandler North Carolina 71
info: Chandler is an accomplished running back coming out of Montgomery Academy in Tennessee where he was a 4-star recruit. He stayed local and attended Tennessee. He graduated from Tennessee as the 5th all-time leader in all-purpose yards before transferring to North Carolina. He had his best season in chapel hill where he started every game and was second team All-ACC.
pros: Has definite juice to his game, explosive athlete. Looks for work well in pass pro well. Runs hard, not easy to bring down.
cons: One year of full time starting and never produced in the pass game. 5th year senior was his only starting year.
take: Chandler looks like an NFL athlete when he runs the ball. He is very quick out of his cuts and is accelerates well. He could have the potential to be an impact NFL back.
RB Kevin Harris South Carolina 71
info: NA
pros: He runs angry and with a lot of power behind him. His sophomore year was great, he produced when not injured.
cons: Bad hands, 7 drops and only 35 catches in his career. Isn’t going to make many people miss, not an elusive player.
take: Harris is a bruiser, I wouldn’t want to meet him square at the line. He isn’t your elusive back that breaks tackles by any means but he is a string back that will fight for yards and wont get taken down easy.
RB Stephen Carr Indiana 71
info: NA
pros: 4 years of production, all graded fairly well. 5 star recruit in 2017 and looks sick. Has the physical tools needed to be a good starting RB.
cons: 4.5 YPC for his career. Just never could get break away runs, never lived up to the hype.
take: Carr has had a rough go of it after being a 5 star recruit committed to USC. He has the athleticism and power that you look for but wish you saw more production.
RB CJ Verdell Oregon 69
info: NA
pros: Immediate impact his freshman year and ran 2 straight 1,000+ plus seasons. Great build at 5’8 210, very stout. Good acceleration and packs a punch running behind his pads. North/South runner, he will never dance around and is always looking to get up field
cons: Huge drop off in production his final 2 years. Ankle injury shut him down in 2021. Doesn’t have much shake and isn’t looking to make people miss. Not much of a 3rd down back, 6 drops and 55 catches in his career.
take: Verdell had me thinking he was a 3rd round pick after his second year at Oregon, but I never saw that guy again after Herbert left. He’s not going to add much to your run game by breaking tackles and being a threat out of the backfield. But, he will be a solid runner and get you all the yards he possibly can. I would love to have him in a running back rotation.
RB Ty Davis-Price LSU 70
info: NA
pros: Great size speed strength combo. Runs with solid power. Featured back his junior year with 200+ carries.
cons: Never broke the 5 YPC mark. Isn’t to shifty and wont be making people miss too much.
take: Davis-Price sure looks the part at 6’1 223 and a good athlete. He underwhelmed at LSU that could be do to the lack of blocking he got but he didn’t make much happen either. He can contribute to a team but I wouldn’t expect him to be a break out running back.
RB Rachaad White Arizona St 70
info: White started his career at a JUCO (Mt San Antonio) where he was a dominate back and was rated as a top 3 JUCO back. He originally committed to UCLA before getting offered by Arizona St and flipping his commitment to them. He was great for the sun devils racking up 1000 yards on the ground and 450 through the air.
pros: 48 receptions in 2021, experienced out of the backfield and has good hands. Creative in the open field, hurdles and good shake to break defenders.
cons: Doesn’t add much in pass pro. Doesn’t run with much power. High cut RB that doesn’t have great change of direction skills.
take: White really came on in the second half of 2021 where he was a major contributor for the Sun Devils. He showed that he is great in open space and has great hands. If he can develop his pass pro he could be a very nice 3rd down back in the NFL.
RB Abram Smith Baylor 70
info: NA
pros: Nearly 4 yards after contact per carry. A monster 1,600 yard season his senior year. Great build at 5’11 224. Very strong runner, always runs his feet and loves contact.
cons: 2 drops on 13 career catches, not going to be a 3 down back. Takes forever to stop, change of direction is not great. Doesn’t have much explosiveness or quickness.
take: Smith showed this year and this year only that he is a solid power back that will fight for extra yards. He will never be a featured back but if you ask him to be your power back he can definitely succeed in that role.
RB BJ Baylor Oregon St 69
info: NA
pros: All Pac 12 first team in 2021. Put up 1,337 yards and 13 TDs his senior year. Forced 57 missed tackles and 3.5 YAC. Good athlete, twitchy and has good burst.
cons: One year starter out of 5. Not a powerful back, only average at going through contact.
take: Baylor broke out his senior year and put-up numbers with his good burst and athleticism. He’s not that big and you would have loved to see him play for multiple years instead of his fifth, but he showed that he has the ability to play in the league.
RB Jashaun Corbin Florida State 69
info: NA
pros: Great in space with the ball. Very good return man that can add value. Good size 6 foot 220. Shifty and great change of direction. Good NFL athlete.
cons: Never broke the 1000-yard mark. Won’t run through contact well, not a strong runner.
take: Corbin has the athleticism and shiftiness to make an impact on an NFL team, whether that be return man or in a running back committee. He doesn’t have the strength to be a bell cow and a featured back but he could be a good piece.
RB Sincere McCormik UTSA 69
info: NA
pros: Great center of gravity and can change direction well. Super shifty and good burst even with having decent size at 205 (5’9). 2 years of +1000 yard production and a willing pass blocker.
cons: Only 205 pounds without being a 4.2 player. Played at a lower level of competition. No power, going to be out muscled every time.
take: McCormik is an electric player with the ball, he clearly was UTSA’s offense for 2 years. He has the burst and quickness to be an effective back. The only thing holding him back is his size at 205 lbs.
RB Kennedy Brooks Oklahoma 69
info: Brooks was a solid recruit coming out of Mansfield Texas where his senior year he eclipsed the 40 TD mark. He commuted to Oklahoma over other power houses and immediately ran for over 1000 yards with 8.9 YPC. 2019 was more of the same with another 1000+ yard season and a 2nd team Big 12 selection. He opted out the 2020 season but unsurprisingly he came right back and ran for another 1000 yards his senior year.
pros: Runs trough arm tackles. Great production over 3 years. Good patients as he hits the line.
cons: Not a good athlete, long speed and explosiveness isn’t great. Under 30 career receptions, not much receiving experience. Not a powerful back.
take: Watching brooks isn’t a little tough to see how he’s going to win in the NFL but he certainly did it in college. Brooks may just have it which would warrant a late round flyer on him.
RB Zonovan Knight NC St 69
info: NA
pros: Good compact build with short area quickness. Immediately a starter as a freshman. Contact balance is very good.
cons: Not a very fast or big player so won’t physically be dominate. His pass blocking is cut blocking. He had 700 rushing yards every year and never progressed.
take: As a freshman Knight was on the track to be a day 2 maybe day 1 pick with 700 yards as a true freshman. He stalled out at 700 yards each year but he certainly isn’t a bad back. He’s got the quickness and balance to be a good runner and can develop into a solid NFL back.
RB Jerry Howard Towson 69
info: NA
pros: Great size, listed at 6 foot 230. 53 forced missed tackles with 729 of his 927 coming after contact. Runs angry, always falling forward and fighting for yards.
cons: Only 3 TDs to match his 3 Fumbles in 2021. Not a great athlete and had to transfer from Georgia Tech.
take: Howard is a power back there is no doubt about that, he runs strong and is a big back. He isn’t going to be much past that and had to transfer down in level.
RB Ricky Person NC St 69
info: NA
pros: 4 Star recruit who contributed each year. Good size, 6’1 222. 3.21 YAC for his career. Strong runner, good between the tackles and can fight for the extra yards.
cons: Never broke 700 yards rushing and an average of 4.3 YPC. Not a good athlete, wont run away from any defender.
take: Person is a low end NFL power back, he’s a strong runner but wont be trucking many people or running around them, but I kind of like his game.
RB Leddie Brown West Virginia 68
info: Brown was a 3-star recruit coming out of Neuman-Goretti High in PA and committed to West Virginia over teams like Bama and Florida. He was the 3rd leading rusher on the team as a true freshman and increased his production each year until his senior year. His junior year was his high point where he eclipsed the 1000 yard mark on under 200 carries as well as being selected to the 1st team All-Big 12.
pros: Was a force in pass protection his final year, willing to step up to a blitzer. Solid production over the years. Decent hands although he didn’t do much in the pass game. Fights for yards as best he can.
cons: Not a powerful back, wont be running anyone over. Not an elite athlete with burst or long speed.
take: Browns floor is quite high in my opinion, he’s a decent runner and can stay in the game to pass block. His ceiling isn’t great though do to his lack of top end traits.
RB Max Borghi Washington St 68
info: Borghi was a 3 star recruit out of Pomona in CO where he lead them to a 5A state tittle. He committed to Washington State and was an immediate contributor by getting 72 carries and 53 receptions. His Sophomore year he really turned it on, he had over 100 carries and a whopping 86 receptions which lead him to be viewed as a Doak Walker and Biletnikoff award contender. Unfortunately he didn’t play much in 2020 and had a less impressive senior year with either 16 receptions.
pros: Great pass catching out of the backfield. Deceptively athletic that can break contain and get to the edge.
cons: Not a strong runner or pass blocker. Played in a scheme that isn’t translatable to the NFL, so much open space.
take: Borghi would have to survive as a 3rd down back because of his receiving skills. Unfortunately he doesn’t have the pass blocking to go with it and isn’t great with the ball in his hand. He needs to add strength and block well to flourish in the NFL.
RB Trestan Ebner Baylor 68
info: NA
pros: Great return man, good vision and change of direction in open field. Solid receiver out of the back field.
cons: Not a strong runner at all, tough time between he tackles. 5th year senior and only one year as a starting back.
take: Ebner is an excellent return man and can contribute given he fills a niche. But, he doesn’t appear to be a guy that will contribute much in the run game do to his lack of size/strength.
RB Keaontay Ingram USC 70
info: NA
pros: Has good shake to his game, can break defenders 1v1. Good size and athlete combo, not just a small elusive guy.
cons: Wont be running anyone over any time soon. Dances a little too much in the backfield. Never produced as well as a top back should. Weak in pass pro, not very aggressive.
take: Ingram is a shiftier big back that will be able to run the ball at the NFL level. He won’t have a good role albeit because he can’t pass block as well as you would like.
RB Isaih Pacheco Rutgers 68
info: NA
pros: Named as a captain his final year. Solid size that won’t be thrown around easily.
cons: Couldn’t produce well behind Rutgers OL. Doesn’t have much burst or athleticism to his game. Doesn’t make anyone miss really, more of a take what he gets back.
take: Pacheco was a captain and a solid player for Rutgers his final year and has NFL size. He just never really stood out as a plus running back though and his lack of explosiveness will be a detriment in the NFL.
RB ZaQuandre White South Carolina 68
info: NA
pros: 4.6 yards after contact and 6.3 YPC his final year. Has very good burst and can put his foot in the ground and accelerate well. Good athlete, speed and movement skills
cons: Never had a productive year and bounced around teams in college. 4 drops and only 19 catches his final year. Bad in pass protection. Bounces around the line too much and doesn’t hit the hole all the time.
take: White is a great athlete clearly and has the size to be a solid special teamer and backup. He just never had a great college season (D1) and was more of a in space make something happen runner than an actual running back.
RB Robert Washington Valparaiso 68
info: NA
pros: Good build at 5’11 215. 2021 All PFL first team. Solid recruit out of high school with over 40 offers. 72 forced missed tackles and averaged 3.9 YAC with 1137 and 14 Tds. Looked like a higher level player against his competition, big strong and has the juice.
cons: Has been playing in college since 2016. Transferred down in colleges. A lot of broken tackles that don’t lead to extra yards.
take: Washington certainly had the tape to impress vs FCS competition and the stats too. If he did that against Power 5 teams as a younger player he would be coveted in the draft but he was beating up on lower level and younger athletes.
RB Jaleel Mclaughlin Youngstown St 68
info: NA
pros: 54 forced missed tackles and ran 1,138 and 12 TDs. Great contact balance, gets out of arm tackles with ease. Good athlete, ran away from the defense regularly.
cons: Played D2 before transferring to Youngstown. Very small RB that wont run through anyone.
take: Mclaughlin has some very impressive runs where he can evade tacklers and run past anyone. The film is against teams like Incarnate Word who wont sniff the NFL field so if a team wants to see if it translates, he should get a shot.
RB Mataeo Durant Duke 68
info: NA
pros: Rushed for 1249 and 9 TDs. Good speed, can break away from pursuit defenders.
cons: Skinny back, 6’1 195. 6 fumbles in 2021. Not going to break many tackles with his frame.
take: Durant has some break away speed and home run ability to his game which is intriguing. He’s not going to be a bell cow that runs with physicality though so he should be a good FA pickup.
RB Raheem Blackshear Virigina Tech 68
info: NA
pros: 5.8 YPC and 0 fumbles his senior year. Great contact balance, guys fly right past him.
cons: Never broke 800 yards rushing. Not a bog or athletic back, nothing physically is special.
take: Blackshear is an average back, nothing will impress you except his ability to go through contact for his size. He can be a decent NFL backup.
RB Greg Bell San Diego St 67
info: Bell was went straight to juco out of Chula Vista Cal and attended Arizona Wester CC for 2 years and was a first team JUCO All American. This gained him an offer from Nebraska where he played 4 games but ultimately transferred to San Diego State after. He had a great 1st season where he was named a 2nd team All Mountain West selection and he did more of the same his final year, eclipsing 1000 yards and getting another 2nd team All Mountain West selection.
pros: Great burst at the line, can explode through a hole. Good vision, makes good cuts that can screw up pursuit. Willing to throw his body at an oncoming blitzer in pass pro.
cons: Thin frame that doesn’t run with a bunch of power. Not a tackle breaker, easily is taken down.
take: Bell has the tools to play in the NFL like size, athleticism and willingness to block. To be a contributor you would like to see a special trait that Bell doesn’t have. He could be a contributor but many RBs could do what he does.
RB Master Teague Ohio St 67
info: Teague committed to Ohio State after a successful high school career in Tennessee. He never was the lead back there but had 2 100+ carry seasons where he averaged just over 5 a carry. Teague was just another victim of a loaded Ohio state team.
pros: Stocky Strong build. Powerful runner that runs his feet. Not arm tackling him almost ever.
cons: Not much of a blocker. Not a lot of juice, speed and agility lacking. Never a lead back. No pass catching to speak of.
take: Teague is clearly a power back with not much else to offer past that. He will never be a 3 down lead back but could be a productive runner given opportunities.
RB Snoop Conner Ole Miss 67
info: Conner was a former high school QB in Hattiesburg Mississippi where he was a 3 star recruit and stayed local committing to Ole Miss. He got playing time immediately as a freshman, running for over 500 yards and playing in every game. His best season was his final season as a true junior where had 130 carries for 647 yards.
pros: Great build at 5’10 220. Young, coming out as a true junior. Solid speed for 220 pounds, can break away.
cons: Never really broke out and produced all that much. All of his good runs he’s untouched. Doesn’t break many tackles and create on his own.
take: Conner probably declared early because Ole Miss had a 3 headed backfield and he wouldn’t be the starter. He looks the part of an NFL back but there isn’t much excitement to his game.
RB Tyler Goodson Iowa 67
info: Goodson was the Georgia player of the year as a senior in high school which only resulted in a 3 star status. He committed to Iowa and immediately got 100+ carries as a true freshman. By his final true junior year he was the lead back getting over 1000 yards on over 200 carries.
pros: Bell cow back for Iowa with a rough OL and still over 1000 yards. Experienced back in just 3 years of college football.
cons: No trump card, doesn’t have good burst or power. Doesn’t make people miss enough. Small and won’t hold up to physicality.
take: Goodson is about as average as it gets. He has decent vision but he’s not adding much to your run game and is not physical. Best case he is a backup on a zone heavy team.
RB Deandre Torrey North Texas 67
info: NA
pros: 90 grade in 2020 and then ran for 1195 in 2021. Quick and shifty, can cut and burst on a dime.
cons: 5’7, he’s a small back. Short strides, he doesn’t have the long speed. Played against bad competition.
take: Torrey doesn’t have the size you are looking for but hes a dynamic back with the ball in his hands, he’s very quick. He played well but it may not translate to the NFL given his size.
RB Charles Williams UNLV 67
info: NA
pros: 3 seasons of over 770 yards and the first was as a true freshman. 1238 yards and 15 TDs his senior year. Smooth RB, good vision and uses blocks well.
cons: Old prospect, played for 6 years at UNLV. Doesn’t have the juice, nothing about his game pops off.
take: Williams isn’t to exciting of a prospect, he’s a solid back that gets the yards he can but not much more.
RB Brittian Brown UCLA 67
info: NA
pros: Played for 5 years and averaged 3.5 YAC. Runs hard and is a good athlete, not going down easily.
cons: Old prospect, born in 1998. I’m not sure how some runs worked, a lot of bounce and somehow split defenders.
take: Brown is a solid back that can contribute to a backfield when a starter needs a spell. He’s not an overly impressive runner but does a good job getting more yards than is blocked.
RB Malik Davis Florida 67
info: NA
pros: 2017 All SEC freshman team. Started over Damien Pierce somehow. Solid athlete who played at a top program.
cons: Peaked as a true freshman. Not big enough to break tackles in the NFL and doesn’t have the quick cuts and burst.
take: Davis is an ok running back that lacks any ability to get you excited. He’s a smaller back that won’t break away and get you more than is blocked for.
RB Vavae Malepeai USC 67
info: NA
pros: 2021 USC most inspirational player. A consistent force for USC since 2017. Good size, 6 foot 220. Very strong runner, will fight for yards and bully smaller defenders.
cons: Old prospect, played college in 2016. Under 3 YAC and under 5 YPC. Not an athlete, wont impress with speed or quickness.
take:
RB Tyler Nevens San Jose St 67
info: NA
pros: Good Size, 6 foot 226. 5 Years of production with 3.5 YAC and a 90 grade in 2020.
cons: Never broke 800 yards rushing and had a career under 5 YPC. Not a quick or athletic back, a little sluggish.
take: Nevens is a bigger back that can be used in a backup or short yardage role.
RB Demontre Tuggle Ohio 67
info: NA
pros: 6.4 YPC and 3.63 YAC. Great inside zone runner, a homerun threat at any point for Ohio.
cons: Never broke 900 yards rushing, started in JUCO. Not going to be a very elusive back, not an aggressive runner.
take: Tuggle wasn’t used heavily but he was very effective when got touches and should be a nice backup.
RB Ronnie Rivers Fresno St 66
info: NA
pros: Used to getting al lot of work, 100+ carries every year. 5 years of plus production. Solid hands out of the backfield. Good athlete, has some speed and change of direction
cons: Never broke out, couldn’t ever eclipse the 900 yard mark. Very small back 5’9 under 200 lbs. Not going to be able to handle power in the NFL.
take: Rivers had a great career at Fresno State and was able to break a few career records there. He is a small back which will not help his NFL stock but he should get a shot at a roster spot.
RB Dvonte Price FIU 66
info: NA
pros: Had an insane opening game his senior year where he got 3 TDs on 5 touches. Had a great YPC number in his career.
cons: High cut without much mass behind him. Played at a low level of competition and didn’t dominate. Isn’t much burst or shake to his game.
take: Price had a good career at FIU but that’s not going to translate to the NFL well. He doesn’t have much going for him being slim, high cut, and not a plus athlete so it will be tough for him to succeed.
RB Abdul Adams Syracuse 66
info: NA
pros: Solid build at 5’11 210 pounds. Played on special teams as a gunner and return man. Won Jim Darin Award for courage in Syracuse football. Strong runner, not going down with arm tackles and can get the extra yards.
cons: Old prospect, started college in 2016. No production his final year, Sean Tucker took all his reps. Not a special athlete, middling testing numbers. No career production, a total of 1,200 yards in 5 years.
take: Adams never got to really show his talent at any point unfortunately. Because he sat out 2020 he never could get his opportunity to shine, although he showed flashes.
RB Quay Holmes East Tennessee St 66
info: NA
pros: FCS Freshman all American in 2018. Solid size, listed at 6’1 216. Ran for 1,560 and scored 17 TDs. Broke 81 tackles and had 3.5 YAC. Strong back that doesn’t go down with arm tackles. Solid vision, uses his blocks well.
cons: Older prospect, he was born in 1998. Not a good athlete, cuts aren’t sudden and he’s not fast.
take: Holmes is a big strong back that produced a lot with his strength and vision. He played at a lower level though and he still didn’t pop as an athlete so its going to be tough to translate in the NFL.
RB Logan Wright Georgia Southern 66
info: NA
pros: Great size, 6 foot 230. Never graded below a 70 and averaged 5.8 YPC and 3.8 YAC for his career with no fumbles.
cons: Never had a dominate season, 802 max yards.
take: Not much film on him but the size alone should give him a shot in the NFL.
RB Gabriel Watson Texas 65
info: NA
pros: Finalist for the D2 Heisman award, the Harlon Hill. Good size, 5’11 226. Can put his foot in the ground and turn upfield well.
cons: Played in 6 total games at Texas. Doesn’t have great acceleration or speed.
take: Watson dominated the D2 game but could never get playing time at UT. He was in a loaded backfield but he’s not a good enough athlete.
RB Shamari Brooks Tulsa 65
info: NA
pros: Back to back 1000 yard seasons. Was a productive back every year he played.
cons: Averaged 4.7 YPC and 2.8 YAC. 5’8 194, he’s a small back. Had an injury almost every year.
take: Didn’t watch.
RB Devin Darrington Virginia 65
info: NA
pros: Harvard graduate. Forced 16 missed tackles on 34 attempts. 5’9 215 solid size.
cons: Had 34 attempts at Virginia.
take: Not much Power 5 tape to go off of, he was good in the ivy league but he couldn’t get many touches.
RB British Brooks North Carolina 65
info: NA
pros: 2 time special teams player of the year and captain. 5’10 220, great build. Forced 11 missed tackles on 15 caries against NC St.
cons: Ran the ball 31 times.
take: He’s a good special teamer, not sure about running back.
RB Tayon Fleet-Davis Maryland 65
info: NA
pros: 5.7 YPC his senior year. Good speed, he is a home run threat.
cons: Never broke 800 yards and averaged 2.7 YAC. Not a physical runner, wont be a bell cow
take: Fleet-Davis wont have the upside that you are looking for due to his lack of physicality. He could be added to a roster for his speed and break away ability,
RB Deon Mcintosh Washington St 65
info: NA
pros: Career average of 5.5 YPC and 3.5 YAC.
cons: JUCO (EMCC) From Notre Dame. Brother is better than him, Georgia back.
take: His brother is good, but not much film on him.
RB Tyson Lawton Stony Brook 64
info: NA
pros: 3.88 YAC with 1094 yards and 10 TDs. Solid size, listed at 5’10 215.
cons: 5 fumbles his senior year. Not an impressive athlete on limited tape.
take: Lawton doesn’t have much film but what I saw he doesn’t have the juice to be in the NFL
RB Marcus Williams LA Tech 64
info: NA
pros: 45 forced missed tackles his senior year. Solid muscle can bounce off of tackers well.
cons: Never cracked 900 yards rushing in 5 years. Old, was born in 1997. Not fast, short strider and not twitchy.
take: Williams isn’t a great athlete and is more of a strong runner even though he is undersized. He probably can’t play in the NFL.
RB Geno Hess Southeast Missouri 60
info: NA
pros: 49 forced missed tackles averaged 3.7 YAC and ran for 1133 and 14 TDs.
cons: No film.
take: Did not watch.
RB Jaxson Kincaide Western Michigan 60
info: NA
pros: Never graded poorly for PFF.
cons: 5’8 186 and under 2.23 YPC and never broke 500 yards in 6 years.
take: Didn’t watch.