S Kyle Hamilton Notre Dame 89
info: Hamilton by reports have been all business ever since playing for Marist in Atlanta. He was offered by most teams you could think of but he decided to go out of state and head to south bend. He immediately made a huge impact and was voted a freshman All-American and followed that up with another All-American performance his sophomore year. His final year showed more of the same before it was cut short due to a knee injury.
pros: Young and produced immediately. He has a good amount of power behind him. Sees plays develop in front of him. Great height and length. Burst is there, can accelerate well. Showed good mirroring/coverage abilities. Doesn’t miss many one-on-one tackles.
cons: Aggressive to a fault at times. Takes poor angles sometimes and misses easy tackles. A little slightly built at this point.
take: Hamilton is a versatile safety that can both play center field and in the box. He has all the ability in to be the best safety in the league with his versatility and size/speed.
S Lewis Cine Georgia 84
info: Cine was one of the top safeties in the nation coming out of Trinity Christian School. He played in Massachusetts before that where he was the 2017 DPOY and he decided to commit to Georgia where he got starting experience year one. He became the full time starter his sophomore year and kept it rolling and was selected to the 1st team All SEC team and 3rd All American team.
pros: Fantastic measurables, 4.35 with a 11’1 broad at 6’2 200. Looking for blood when he comes down hill, hit power is excellent. Physical tackler, not getting bullied by anyone. Solid in coverage, doesn’t get beat badly ever and is very sound.
cons: Not going to be able to lock up a good tight end, not experienced in press man. Can play too deep in zone and left stuff up underneath too easily.
take: Cine was an underrated part of Georgias D, he in a monster in run support and solid in coverage. He has all the tools to be a great safety in the league and played very well at a young age.
S Jaquan Brisker Penn State 79
info: Brisker started his college career at Lakawana CC where he was a team captain and one of the best JUCO safety’s in the nation. He committed to Penn state where he put together a good college career. By his second year he was the starting safety for Penn State and by his final year he was a unanimous 1st team All American and Penn States Defensive Team MVP.
pros: Plays the position with good physicality. Good coverage player, understands route combos and sees the field well as a deep safety. Can play in the box and support the run. Can move all around the field, very versatile.
cons: Too many missed tackles, too aggressive coming up to the ball career. Not going to man up a slot receiver well, doesn’t have the athleticism to match up well. Under 200 lbs which will hurt him playing in the box. Stares at the quarterback to much and can lose the routes.
take: Brisker was a great player for Penn State and was highly regarded for good reason. He made great plays in coverage and is a very capable box player. He may not be an elite athlete but he’s a great football player and could start for most teams at safety.
S Nick Cross Maryland 76
info: NA
pros: True junior with 3 years of experience. Solid measurables, 6 foot 200 and ran a 4.34. Impressive athlete, built very well and has great range.
cons: Doesn’t look very interested in playing the run, may be slow diagnosing. Not going to lay the boom on anyone, just wraps up.
take: Cross is a fantastic athlete that played solid for 3 years at Maryland. He has the ability to be a starting safety in the NFL, but he’s not the most fluid or physical guy.
S Kerby Joseph Illinois 75
info: NA
pros: Freaky build, 6’1 203 33 inch arms and 10 inch hands with a 38.5 inch vert. 90.4 PFF grade his senior year with 5 Ints. Super fluid hips, can swivel at full speed. Has solid range as well as burst to come downhill.
cons: One year starter although it was a great year. Takes too long to react to the routes in front of him. Bad tackler, doesn’t see what he hits and lunges.
take: Joseph had a very good last year where he showed off his fluid movement skills. He played well but you can tell why he didn’t play until then, he’s late reacting to things even after 4 years of college.
S Bryan Cook Cincinnati 75
info: NA
pros: Solid size, 6’1 206 and 32 inch arms. Sub 10% tackle rate his senior year. Ready to take on any ball carrier or blocker. Played cornerback so can matchup in the slot if needed. Good eyes and plays his responsibility well and with good instincts.
cons: 5 years with only one as a starter and grading well. Doesn’t show the range good safeties have. Not a great athlete, nothing about his game jumps off the film.
take: Cook may not have had a great start to his career or the great athleticism, but his final year showed us he can play. He’s a do it all safety that plays the position the way you want it to be played.
S Smoke Monday Auburn 74
info: NA
pros: Good tackler, will come up and hit someone and good length to get them down. Ready to play run defense, wants to be around the ball. Jumps on routes well, breaks as soon as QB releases.
cons: High cut safety that isn’t the twitchiest defender. Can get exposed in space because he’s not the most fluid or fastest.
take: Smoke has the best name in the draft and he’s one of the best run support safeties as well. He’s not the athletic rangy player you want but he’s very solid and is a good football player.
S JT Woods Baylor 74
info: NA
pros: Great length and speed 6’2 4.36, can cover a lot of ground. 9 Ints in 2 years good ball skills. Great movement skills, smooth athlete that can burst out of his backpedal.
cons: On the thin side, has a tough time with physical tacklers. Not the most instinctive player, doesn’t always play his assignment as you would like.
take: Woods is an unbelievable athlete, he can track down anyone in the open field. He’s on the thin side and doesn’t play the game like to tier safeties but he’s so athletic he should be a solid NFL player.
S Markquese Bell Florida A&M 73
info: NA
pros: Good size and speed, 6’2 212 and ran a 4.41. Graded in the 80’s for PFF. Good athlete on the field, covers ground fast and has the burst.
cons: Isn’t the smoothest back pedal or hip swivel. Played at a low level of competition so a little raw.
take: Bell is a great athlete who was a great player for Florida A&M. He’s not coached up completely but has some good tools to be a good player in the league.
S Scott Nelson Wisconsin 69
info: NA
pros: Ran a 4.38 a sub 4 shuttle and a 6.62 3 cone jumping 40 inches. Good size at 6’2 205. Flashes plays where he shows his speed.
cons: Plays so robotic, looks like a terrible athlete on the field. Not a very instinctive player, plays at half speed and doesn’t trust what he’s seeing.
take: If it wasn’t for a great pro day Nelson wouldn’t even be on a team. But, his numbers were so good a team should take the chance and see if they can develop him.
S Verone McKinley Oregon 72
info: NA
pros: Good eyes, see’s the field well and see’s plays develop. Solid short area quickness, can turn hips and burst. 6 Ints in 2021, very good ball skills. Willing tackler, will hit a receiver with no hesitation.
cons: On the shorter side at only 5’10. Can get outmatched when blocked, not big enough to handle the box.
take: Mckinley would be a highly touted prospect if he had the measurables. He makes plays on the ball well and is instinctive, but will be out matched in the NFL with his size and athleticism.
S Leon Oneal Texas A&M 71
info: NA
pros: 3 year starter that fits all the requirements for measurables. Gives great effort, comes downhill fast and very smart.
cons: 23% missed tackle rate, poor tackler. Not the most fluid in coverage and not the fastest.
take: Oneal has some impressive reps of attacking downhill and breaking on routes. He’s not the high level athlete, but he can play and theres not doubt about that.
S Sterling Weatherford Miami OH 71
info: NA
pros: Great size for a safety, 6’3 220. Solid athlete for his size.
cons: Grade dropped for his senior year. Tough tackler, struggles in open field. Doesn’t play well, bad angles and not much burst.
take: Weatherford will struggle on the field but he’s got the size and athleticism to take him and give him a chance.
S Collin Wilder Wisconsin 70
info: NA
pros: Good aggression in the backend, ready to come downhill at any time. Quick reads, sees the play well and fires towards the ball.
cons: Small safety, although he’s willing to play the run in the NFL he will be physically overmatched.
take: Wilder may not have the size teams covet but he is a very good player. He’s quick, aggressive and instinctive and was the best safety on the team.
S Bubba Bolden Miami 70
info: NA
pros: Solid size and speed, 6’2 209 4.47 40. Plays physical, willing to take on blocks and play strong coverage.
cons: Missed time with a shoulder injury his senior year. Plays high, not very smooth in his back pedal. Not a very good tackler, 20% miss rate.
take: Bolden has the measurables you are looking for in a safety, but the play doesn’t match up. He played high a lot and didn’t make many plays, without the fluid movement skills to cover deep. He will be solid on special teams but that’s his projection.
S Juanyeh Thomas Georgia Tech 69
info: NA
pros: Good size and length, 6’1 212 32 inch arms. Good special teamer, can play on the coverage teams. Loves to play in the box and stop the run.
cons: Struggled in coverage, doesn’t have the fluidity to be a good cover guy. Slow to react to routes which is compiled by his lack of burst.
take: Thomas is probably a special teams only player, although he tested fine athletically. His role will most likely cap out at backup and great special teamer.
S Delarrin Turner-Yell Oklahoma 67
info: NA
pros: 3 year starter for Oklahoma. His smooth in his transitions, fluid hips. Strong enough to play in the box.
cons: Not the size you want, 5’10 197. Delt with many injuries, missed games. He’s not going to be able to play man against anyone.
take: Turner-Yell played solidly for the sooners over the last 3 years. He played fine but he’s limited and wont be able to play in the NFL as a starter.
S Daniel Wright Alabama 65
info: NA
pros: One year of starting experience for bama, as well as a key special temaer.
cons: Never really got the playing time he needed in 5 years. Never graded above 65 for PFF.
take: Wright would be able to play special teams for a team, but he's not going to contribute much to a teams defense.
S Brenden Schooler Texas 69
info: NA
pros: Solid pro day numbers, 4.41 40 6.65 3 cone and jumped 38 inches. Converted WR so has solid ball skills. Good on special teams.
cons: Bad tackler, his head goes down and he leaves his feet. New to the position, not an instinctive player, can read and react but that’s it.
take: Schooler is a great athlete that had to switch positions late in his career. It’s clear he’s not ready to play in the NFL as a startere but he could develop given his athleticism.
S Michael Lawson Wester Illinois 67
info: NA
pros: Plays fast and aggressive, willing tackler. Good eyes, jumps routes easily by reading the QBs eyes. Good return man. 90+ PFF grade.
cons: 5’10 185, he’s just too small to play in the NFL at safety.
take: Lawson plays hard and can return the ball, he should get a shot in the NFL.
S Alex Rodgers Drake 67
info: NA
pros: Had a 89.7 PFF grade and is 6 foot 200.
cons: Wasn’t physically dominating the lower level comp.
take: Rodgers has the size and grade, but when you watch the Drake film he doesn’t jump off the screen.
S Calin Criner Eastern Washington 65
info: NA
pros: 88.4 PFF grade and a team co captain.
cons: 5’10 185 probably not an athlete.
take: Didn’t watch.
S Alonzo Craighton Northern Alabama 65
info: NA
pros: 86.6 Run defense grade and 87.2 Tackling grade. At 6’2 205 he has the size.
cons: Not a good athlete, slow mover.
take: Craighton just isn’t the level of athlete needed to be in the NFL.
S Jerrell Lawson Chattanooga 73
info: NA
pros: 92.3 defensive grade and 90+ everything besides pass rush. 6’2 200, good size for a safety. Good eyes, plays coverages very well.
cons: Going to be a learning curve in the NFL, not used to top competition.
take: Lawson has it all, he’s a good athlete with good size and graded fantastically.
S Brandon Dowdell Chattanooga 69
info: NA
pros: 80 + grades in coverage run d and tacking. Jumps routes super well, can drive on ins and posts.
cons: Only 5’9 195, not the biggest.
take: Dowdell is just a short safety, if he was taller he would be a real prospect to look at.
S Martin Foray St Francis 65
info: NA
pros: 85 PFF grade and a great tackler.
cons: 5’10 190.
take: Didn’t watch much.
S Jesse Bramble Fordham 67
info: NA
pros: Team captain and 86.9 Pff grade. 80 grade against Nebraska.
cons: Not a great athlete, doesn’t jump off the screen at Fordham.
take: Bramble played pretty well even against FBS competition, but he’s not a top level athlete.
S Ben Mathiasmeier Columbia 65
info: NA
pros: Missed 2 total tackles his senior season. Ivy league, probably smart.
cons: Not a good or big athlete, 5’10 190.
take: Mathiasmeier should stick to math and probably not football.
