TE Trey McBride Colorado St 79
info: Was a 3 sport athlete in high school where he left his legacy on Fort Morgan in Colorado by breaking the record for most career points (basketball) and RBIs. He committed to Colorado State where he played as a freshman then was named 1st team all mountain west by his second year. He was a team captain the rest of his career and capped it off by winning the Mackey award, being names a 1st team all American and receiving 1125 yards as a tight end.
pros: Was Colorado States offense receiving over 1000 yards. Received a 94.7 grade from PFF and had some of the best hands in the nation. Produced though triple teams and was the clear focus of the defense. Split out wide to win jump balls. Great ball skills, does a great job adjusting to catch the ball. Good hands and base while blocking, very willing to block.
cons: Not a great athlete, doesn’t blow anyone away with speed or strength. Not a dominate blocker, doesn’t create much movement.
take: McBride is a very good tight end, you can tell by both the numbers and the tape. He is clearly the best player on Colorado State and the only negative is he’s not a super human athlete. He can step in immediately and be a teams top tight end and possibly a top half of the league tight end.
TE Jeremy Ruckert Ohio St 77
info: After winning NY Gatorade Player of the year Ruckert decided to not go to Syracuse and go to Ohio State instead. He immediately played because his size and athletic ability but never had a major role at OSU. His final season he was the lead guy at the tight end position but he didn’t get that breakout year that he was hoping.
pros: Perfect TE build, he was built in a lab. Great athlete for the position. Dominate run blocker in college. Can separate really well in routes.
cons: Didn’t get the volume in the OSU offense. Not consistently dominating blocks and running from defenders.
take: Ruckert was the most underutilized TE ever in college football, he only caught 26 balls even though he was open so often. He is going to be a good possibly great NFL tight end.
TE Daniel Bellinger San Diego St 75
info: NA
pros: Solid size and testing numbers, 6’5 250 and ran 4.63 and jumped 35 in. Didn’t drop a ball this last season. Good blocker, good hands and good strength to run his feet. Solid with the ball in his hands, strong runner who can get up field well.
cons: Won’t make people miss too often. Not much of a route runner, wasn’t asked to run many.
take: Bellinger has everything you look for in a tight end except a lot of production. This may be due to San diego states offense because hes a good athlete with solid size and hands.
TE Grant Calcaterra SMU 74
info: NA
pros: Great receiving threat as a tight end, was Mark Andrews jr at OK. Was a team captain at SMU. Gives effort in the run game.
cons: Not a strong tight end, gets bullied in run game and routes too much. Retired for a year. Never had over 500 receiving yards.
take: This may be same school scouting but Calcaterra gives of  Mark Andrew vibes. He’s not as big or as good a blocker but he could develop that part of his game a be a good tight end.
TE Cade Otton Washington 73
info: NA
pros: 4 year starter and an All-PAC 12 first team selection. Can change pace in his routes well, solid acceleration. Willing blocker, wants to get inline and get to work. Good hands, not many drops in his career.
cons: Never had over 350 receiving yards in a season, didn’t put up much stats. Can get overpowered by better run defenders. Not a twitchy or fast athlete, can’t separate with physical skills.
take: Otton was a very solid tight end for the huskies, he was a willing blocker and a solid pass option. He’s limited do to his lack of physical traits but he certainly is an NFL tight end.
TE Jelani Woods Virginia 74
info: NA
pros: Freak athlete, great size and tested great. 6’7 260 and ran a 4.6 flat. Has the strength to move people in the run game, especially with his length.
cons: Drop issues, over a 10% drop rate. One year of actual usage. Not a smooth mover on the field, everything looks awkward.
take: Woods is a specimen but he will need a lot of coaching, even his stance looks awkward. He has the strength and speed to be a problem with his size but he has a lot of work to do.
TE Chig Okonkwo Maryland 73
info: NA
pros: Good athlete, 4.52 and 36 inch vert. Great after the catch, can make people miss.
cons: Not a big guy, 6’2 238 at tight end. Only ran flat routes and seem routes, not much vatiety. Not going to be a good blocker.
take: Okonkwo may not have the ideal size to be a starting tight end but he clearly has the athleticism to be a contributor. He’s more of a gimic TE instead of an inline but he can certainly make an impact.
TE Greg Dulcich UCLA 73
info: NA
pros: Averaged 17+ YPC his final year, good vertical threat. Plays with good aggression and willing to block. Solid athlete that can be split out wide.
cons: Too weak while blocking, doesn’t move anyone. Movements aren’t efficient and slows him down at the line.
take: Dulcich was an ok tight end at UCLA, he was a plus receiver with ok blocking ability. He never showed out though, he couldn’t dominate at any part of the game and will only be a guy.
TE Kemari Averett Beth Cook 73
info: NA
pros: Impressive stat line, 879 yards, 17.2 TPC and 10 TDs with an 89.4 grade. Can go get the ball in the red zone and be a vertical threat.
cons: Played for Beth Cook. Not much of a blocker, doesn’t like to get in the fight too much. Has some droop issues, over 10% for his career.
take: Averett was legitimately a man amongst boys some games it was pretty funny. He’s a massive athlete that put up great numbers against no competition but could be an NFL TE.
TE Austin Allen Nebraska 72
info: NA
pros: Great Height at 6’8, and not terrible change of direction. 90 PFF grade his final year. Team captain as a senior. Good hands and can finish through contact.
cons: Not an explosive athlete, wont impress with the ball in his hands. Not a strong run blocker, needs to gain strength. Even at 6’8 3 TDs in his career.
take: Allen would be an immediate impact player for a 2 TE team. He has the size and receiving ability to play right now and all he needs to do is add some strength to be a starting TE.
TE Cole Turner Nevada 71
info: NA
pros: Great body control and very good ball skills. Solid athlete with good height so he can win contested catches well. 2 straight 600 yard seasons.
cons: Not a strong player, blocking isn’t great and routes get knocked off by physicality. Not a fast player, has to win with ball skills.
take: Turner has a lot of big time catches on his tape because his ball skills. That’s the extent of what he can do right now because he’s not the most athletic or the strongest.
TE Charlie Kolar Iowa St 70
info: NA
pros: Great size, 6’6 250 and 10 inch hands. 3 straight PFF grades of 85 and over 590 yards. Great hands, under a 3% drop rate. Just a solid tight end that can uncover with his size.
cons: Looks sluggish on the field, never moves fast or with urgency. Not an aggressive run blocker, won’t move anyone.
take: Kolar had a very successful career at tight end but his good play won’t translate. His size and hands will translate but he doesn’t have the movement skills to create any separation.
TE Jake Ferguson Wisconsin 72
info: NA
pros: 4 years of playing at Wisconsin. Received an 88 PFF grade his final year. Can get out of breaks pretty well and has burst. Can make catches through contact well. Loves to block, wants to burry defenders.
cons: Mediocre Testing numbers 4.81 with a 31 inch vert. Not a stong blocker, can get stood up at the line to easy. Not going to threaten a defense with speed.
take: Ferguson has some ability to run solid routes and be a solid inline blocker. He doesn’t have the physical ability you look for but if he can add strength he will be a solid NFL tight end.
TE James Mitchell Virginia Tech 71
info: NA
pros: Produced the two years before his injury. Good size, 6’4 250. Solid hands, 3 drops in his career. Solid blocker, willing to get in the fight.
cons: Had a knee injury cut his season short. Not the strongest, wont be moving anyone in the run game
take: Mitchell may have been a good prospect this year if it wasn’t for his injury. He’s an all around prospect who never had a break out year, but that may be because the injury.
TE Isaiah Likely Costal Carolina 70
info: NA
pros: 93.3 receiving grade with very few drops his last year. 912 yards and 12 Tds his senior year. 2nd team All American and clearly the 2nd best TE in the nation last year. Good vertical threat as a tight end, solid speed and athletic ability. Can split out to run receiver routes.
cons: Didn’t play much top tier competition. A little soft in the run game, not a sturdy blocker. Not the strongest tight end, a little slender. 2020 had a lot of drops.
take: Likely is the typical split out tight end where he can be a plus receiving threat as a move TE. He doesn’t have the nastiness to be an inline blocker yet, but he could get there by adding to his frame.
TE Peyton Hendershot Indiana 70
info: NA
pros: 2 seasons over 500 yards and an 85 PFF grade his final year. Team captain and played all 4 years. Solid athlete which shows up after the catch.
cons: Not going to threaten vertically. Doesn’t finish his blocks, doesn’t run his feet and latch on.
take: Hendershot is an NFL tight end, he has the required size and plus athleticism. He doesn’t have the requisite strength/run blocking ability to play immediately but if he figures it out he could be a contributor.
TE Gerrit Prince UAB 70
info: NA
pros: He’s a good athlete, has good speed and can create after the catch pretty well. 91 receiving grade in 2021 with 19.3 YPC.
cons: 10+% career drop rate doesn’t have natural hands. On the slimmer side, needs to bulk up. Only really beat up on the lower level competition.
take: Prince has some work to do to develop but he’s got the height and athleticism to be a real threat. He’s got to work on his physicality and hands but he’s a natural athlete.
TE Derrick Deese San Jose St 69
info: NA
pros: Good at attacking the ball in the air, good contested catches. Solid inline blocker, dad was a former NFL OL.
cons: A little undersized at 6’4 235. Needs to be more violent in his peel blocks, plays too high and doesn’t move anyone.
take: Deese is a solid tight end that has some physical limitations with his size. He’s a good receiver and has shown the ability to inline block so he could be a good depth piece in a NFL TE room.
TE Jalen Wydermyer Texas A&M 68
info: NA
pros: Young player coming out with 3 years of production and was one of the nations top TEs. Smooth route runner and plays in control at all times.
cons: Horrible athletic testing, +5.0 40 and 20’s vertical jump. Tough run blocking tape, doesn’t have any aggression. 8 drops his final year.
take: Wydermyer tanked his stock because his horrible pro day but his career showed he deserves a shot in the NFL. He played solidly in the SEC and may be able to be a 2nd tight end for a team at the top end.
TE Teagan Quitoriano Oregon St 68
info: NA
pros: Good size at 6’5 260. Solid athlete, former basketball player. Decent blocker, can get movement in run game.
cons: Never had even a 300 yard season, nearly no production. Isn’t a football player yet, can look awkward (like a basketball player playing football).
take: Quitoriano is a former basketball player that has the size to play tight end. He’s a project but has the ability to play in the NFL.
TE Jeremiah Hall Oklahoma 68
info: NA
pros: Hasn’t dropped a ball in last 3 years. Team captain and graded 80+ his final year. Could play full back well.
cons: Small and not athletic, 6’2 238 and ran a 4.9 and jumped sub 30. Not a receiving threat and isn’t a dominate run blocker.
take: Hall has very little going for him, he is small and not athletic. He is although a football guy, he’s tough and a leader but that wont be enough.
TE Curtis Hodges Arizona St 68
info: NA
pros: Great size, 6’8 260 with long arms. Forced a mist tackle ever other catch. Played wideout so has solid receiving skills.
cons: One year with over 5 catches and a high drop percentage. Routes are mediocre at best, very rounded. Can’t run block well with lack of strength.
take: Hodges sure looks the part and meets the required athleticism. The problem is he never showed anything on tape to excite a team.
TE Chase Allen Iowa St 67
info: NA
pros: Good length and solid testing numbers. Solid speed off the line and is a good athlete.
cons: Backup to Charlie Kolar, never was a main guy. A little on the thin side and doesn’t have much behind him in the run game. Doesn’t have a feel for being a receiver.
take: Allen has some good traits to him, like his length and is an ok athlete. He doesn’t have the muscle behind him nor the production but he should get a shot at the practice squad.
TE Connor Heyward Michigan St 67
info: NA
pros: Used to play running back so can run the ball well. Never dropped a ball in his career.
cons: He’s 5’11, he is a full back only. Hasn’t played in his NFL role. Not sure if he can block to the level a FB needs to.
take: Heyward is a solid special teams player as well as a good athlete for a full back. He’s never played there but he should get a shot as a full back.
TE Cole Fotheringham Utah 67
info: NA
pros: Good build for a TE, solid frame 6’4 243. Good run blocker, can move guys at the line in the Pac 12.
cons: Never broke 200 yards receiving. Not much of an athlete, not adding to the pass game.
take: Fotheringham is a solid blocker and looks the part, he should be able to contribute as a back up tight end.
TE Trae Barry Boston College 67
info: NA
pros: Good size at 6’6 244, good length. Always graded in the 70’s every year. Didn’t drop a ball his senior year.
cons: Not a plus athlete, no explosiveness to his game. Isn’t a powerful blocker, need to add some muscle.
take: Barry has the size and the solid play to be an NFL prospect but nothing excites you about his game. He’s on the thinner side and doesn’t have the juice to be an explosive receiving threat.
TE Roger Carter Georgia St 67
info: NA
pros: Thick lower half and has some serious juice, can accelerate like no other 250 pounder.
cons: He has no length and wasn’t much of a receiving threat for Georgia state.
take: Carter has no role in the NFL, nobody is built like him. He has a lot of mass behind him and can accelerate well but besides FB he probably can’t play.
TE Cade Brewer Texas 66
info: NA
pros: 2 career drops. Started games as a freshman and played every year. Willing blocker and good enough athlete.
cons: Never graded above a 55 for PFF in 5 years. 59 receptions and 611 yards, over 5 years. Smaller tight end, only 6’2. Weak blocker, doesn’t pack a punch on peel blocks.
take: Brewers game doesn’t excite you but it’s not terrible. He’s a little small but a willing blocker and ok athlete.
TE Lucas Krull Pitt 66
info: NA
pros: Good size at 6’6 250. Solid all around athlete, his parents were D1 athletes and he was drafted as a pitcher in the MLB. Long strides that can eat ground up in open space.
cons: Didn’t grade above 60 his one year starting. Doesn’t have much juice in his game, not fast off the line or an aggressive blocker.
take: Krull is has a better baseball career than NFL. He’s not the level of athlete that an NFL TE needs to be a successful TE.
TE Sean Dykes Memphis 65
info: NA
pros: Decent athlete and put up 1200 yards and 14 TDs in the last 2 seasons.
cons: He’s a 6th year senior and just too small to play, 6’2 224.
take: Dykes looks like a full back playing TE, he’s got no length and doesn’t hold up well in the run game. He could play FB in the NFL but he’s done nothing like that at Memphis.
TE Nolan Givan SE Louisiana 65
info: NA
pros: Played really well in the FCS with 576 yards a 6 TDs.
cons: Played in the FBS for 4 years and never showed much.
take: Givan was clearly an example of a lower level bumping a player up in stats. He did next to nothing for 4 years until he transferred to a lower level.
TE Ryan Miller Furman 64
info: NA
pros: 742 yards and 7 TDs in his final year.
cons: 6’2 221, not going to be big enough in the NFL.
take: Miller is too small, plain and simple. Won’t be in the NFL.
TE Xavier Gaines Marshall 63
info: NA
pros: Former QB and good athlete for TE.
cons: Just too small to play TE 216.
take: He’s too small.