WR Drake London USC 90
info: London  could be mistaken for a small forward but the 6’5 210 pound receiver was a dominate force for USC over his career. He had over 500 receiving yards his freshman year and was a big time target for Kedon Slovis in 2020. But his biggest season was his final (although it was cut short due to a fractured ankle) he had over 1k yards and was in the running for the biletnikoff.
pros: Huge receiver, 6’5 210. Production every year even not as a number 1.  Produced at a young age and was praised by coaches. Unreal contested catch ability, mosses every CB he went against. He is a great X receiver, can play through press get open on a quick slant and attack the sideline.  Great stop start for a guy his size. Physical blocker and isn’t afraid of contact.
cons: Not a true playmaker with the ball in his hands.  Not a great separator, relies on his physicality and ball skills.
take: London was the best receiver in college football this year. He is the prototypical X receiver and will immediately step in to be a teams number 1.  He’s the best receiver in the class and it’s by a decent margin.
WR Jameson Williams Alabama 86
info: Williams was one of the top recruits coming out of Missouri in 2019 and chose the absolute worst place to commit to… Ohiot State.  A lot of the times it was the previous schools fault for not playing a stud like Williams but can you blame them, they had Olave Wilson and Smith Njgba. Williams transferred to Bama his junior year where he proved he was a top receiver in the nation gaining over 1.5k yards. Unfortunately he tore his ACL in the national championship games which caused Bamas offense to come to a halt. This senior season gained him the first team All American nod and a shot at round 1 of the draft.
pros: Super fast, blazes by defenders. Great kick returner. Can sink his hips really well to break off routes. Best deep threat in the class. Has some shake at the line to run past press. Great deep ball tracking.
cons: Coaches valued 3 other receivers over Williams at OSU. One year of production. Slight frame, not much physicality. Change of direction isn’t to the level of his speed. Low contested catch rate as well as some drops.
take: Williams is an absolute burner, possibly the fastest play speed I’ve seen. It was a real shame that he tore his ACL but that shouldn’t take away his ability to blow by defenders at the next level.
WR Garrett Wilson Ohio State 85
info: Garrett Wilson was a highly recruited 5 star receiver coming out of Lake Travis high school. He decided to attend the power house Ohio State and join a loaded receiving core. The crowded room didn’t effect him as he was clearly a top 2 receiver on the team immediately showing impressive ball skills. He improved each year gaining over 1000 yards in 2021 and being named 2nd team Big 10.
pros: Unbelievable body control. Both a smooth route runner as well as twitchy when he needs to be. YAC ability is there with the ability to make people miss. He floats in the air when attacking a jump ball. Spectacular catches all over his film. Tracks the ball well down the field.
cons: Not top tier speed to burn defenders. Not an overly physical player, can get beaten up with physicality. Too many drops for a top tier WR.
take: Watching Wilson play makes you think it must be nice to be able to move like that. His body control is absurd and has seemed to master 0 gravity which is top tier tools for any wide receiver to have.
WR Treylon Burks Arkansas 83
info: Arkansas surprisingly actually kept the top recruit in the state in state.  The 4 star WR out of Warren committed to the razorbacks and immediately was their best WR. Playing mostly slot his first year he lead the team in yards and didn’t give up that title for the next 2 years. He may look like a linebacker out there at 6’3 225 but don’t be mistaken he is a dominant receiver and solidified it by being named 1st team all SEC his senior year.
pros: Unbelievable size and speed combination for the position. Immediate impact as a true freshman. Contested catches look east for him. Super physical receiver that can separate last second. No problem handling press with strength. Good speed with the ball in his hands.  Good agility when breaking tackles. Great hands, makes hard catches look like they stick to the gloves effortlessly.
cons: Should be a better blocker with size. No nuance in his routes, runs them and trusts he’s strong enough to beat the defender. A lot of routes from the slot.
take: Burks is a super talented receiver that made Arkansa look decent for the first time in a while.  He has the size, speed, and receiving ability to be a true WR 1 and should be coveted highly in this draft.
WR Chris Olave Ohio State 83
info: Olave decided to take his talents to Ohio State after a successful career at Mission Hills in California. He was a 3-sport athlete and ran a 10.8 100m in track. He used that speed to attack downfield where he had 15 catches of over 15 yards. He returned for his senior season to pair with another standout receiver Garrett Wilson to form the best duo in college football. His senior season was more of the same after almost reaching 1000 yards and being named first team Big 10.
pros: 1 drop on 51 catchable passes. Sneaky speed, really gets down the field in a hurry with little effort. Not a body catch on tape, all natural hands. Super flexible, can sink hips and change direction great. Had some solid blocks on tape. Showed that he can shake press and create separation. Super smooth player that is always in control.
cons: Not the strongest receiver, can get out muscled. Rounded routes, not much shake to his routes. Not the best with the ball in his hands.
take: Olave is about as good as it gets at the receiver position. He has some of the best hands in college football and is the best deep threat in the class.
WR Skyy Moore Western Michigan 81
info: Moore Has always impressed no matter where he has been. In high school he was a 2 time offensive and defensive player of the year in Allegheny where he played QB. He committed to Western Michigan where he immediately played and was named 1st team All MAC. He finished his career with an amazing season where he had nearly 100 receptions and 1,200+ yards with 11 TDs.
pros: Good measurables, good athletic testing and 10.5 inch hands. Incredible junior season with over 1,200 receiving yards. Showed the ability to win down the sideline with speed and by going up and getting the ball. Super quick and shifty, can shake dudes at the line of scrimmage and break fast at top of routes. Unbelievable over the middle of the field, 99.9 grade on medium routes (Deep slants, In’s, 10 yard outs).
cons: Only had one great year and played at a lower level of competition. Smaller receiver that may get caught up by physical corners. Wont win on jump balls due to size and strength.
take: Western Michigan has produced some top tier WRs now. Moore and Davis have dominated the MAC and should lead them both to 1st round selections despite the fact they played against lower-level competition. Moore Is great at separating with his speed and quickness and is willing to run over the middle and take shots. Worst case scenario he is a good slot receiver in the NFL so he should be coveted highly.
WR Christian Watson North Dakota St 80
info: NA
pros: Great makeup, 6’4 208, 10.125 inch hands, ran a 4.36 40 and jumped 38.5 inches. FCS All American as both a return man and receiver in back to back years. Incredible speed, 2nd gear stacks corners easily.
cons: Played against lower level competition. Struggled with drops and not a great contested catch rate. Routes are not good, never going to separate with quickness. Takes a while to throttle down when stopping.
take: Watson is a very special athlete, he jumped out of the stadium and ran a sub 4.4 at 6’4. He hasn’t shown any ability to create separation with routes but he should be able to come in and immediately be a good outside deep threat.
WR Jahan Dotson Penn St 79
info: Dotson was a 4 star recruit coming out of Nazareth PA and stayed local committing to Penn State.  He immediately hit playing time as a true freshman and continuously got better over the years. He capped his career off with a 90+ reception and 1000+ receiving season.
pros: Great hands, 2 drops on 93 catchable targets. Very good route runner, sets them up very well. Awesome against zone knows how to break them down.  Smooth player, always plays in control.
cons: Not a big or physical receiver at all.  Not much contested catch ability.  Not a plus NFL athlete. Limited due to size and athletic combinations, will have to get by with routes and football IQ.
take: Jahan Dotson was Penn States clear number one but his skill set won’t translate to. Number one in the NFL. That being said with the way he can run routes and his sure hands he can be a great number 2 which can be very valuable.
WR George Pickens Georgia 79
info: Pickens was a top recruit coming out of Hoover in Alabama and went to SEC rival Georgia. He started off with a bang, being named 1st team All-SEC Freshman team and Offensive newcomer of the year. That was the peak of his career unfortunately, He was hurt to start the 2021 season with an ACL and only could play in a few games but helped Georgia win the national championship once he returned.
pros: Good Size and speed at 6’3 4.47. He has 2 career drops and is a solid contested catch option. Good at winning down the field whether that be high pointing or beating his man deep. Solid quickness for 6’3.
cons: Thin frame at under 200 pounds. Injury history, missed an entire season with a knee. Not going to be a weapon with the ball in his hands. Little experience, only 90 career receptions.
take: Pickens looked like he was the next big thing in college football but injuries detracted from his career. He’s a big receiver that can win down the field and produced when he was on the field. A team may get a steal in Pickens if his freshman year was a precursor on whats to come.
WR John Metchie Alabama 78
info: Metchie was a 4 star recruit coming out of Peddie School in New Jersey. He committed to Alabama and was buried in the loaded WR room with Jeudy, Ruggs, Waddle and Smith. By his second year he was the number 3 option behind Smith and Waddle and had over 900 receiving yards. His junior year he played even better making a lethal WR duo with Williams. He had over 1000 receiving yards before he tore his ACL in the CFP semifinals. He was named to the 2nd team All-SEC by coaches.
pros: Great route runner, makes defenders look silly with routes. Has some good shake to his game, both in routes and with the ball.
cons: Not an elite athlete. Slender frame, Not the best with physicality.
take: Metchie was a very productive and solid receiver for the Tide and should translate to the NFL. He runs great routes and has shown good savvy when running his route which will make him a solid #2 without a trump card.
WR Alec Pierce Cincinnati 78
info: NA
pros: Athletic freak, 6’3 over 200 jumping over 40 inches and running a 4.41. Has decent ability to throttle down and make sharp cuts out of his breaks. Plenty of wins down the sideline on his tape.
cons: Never produced like the freak athlete he is in the AAC. Doesn’t explode out of his routes with great burst. Not very quick and wont be making any defenders miss.
take: Pierce is another size and speed receiver that has played pretty well over his career. He never dominated and that’s especially concerning because he was in the AAC but all the tools are there to be a great receiver.
WR Wan’Dale Robinson Kentucky 77
info: Robinson was mr Kentucky coming out of Western Hills high school.  Unsurprisingly the Gatorade player of the year in Kentucky was the number one recruit in the state, but surprisingly he choose to go to Nebraska.  He had a solid 2 years for the cornhuskers before transferring to his home state of Kentucky. He immediately became a force in the SEC receiving for over 1000 yards and being named to the 2nd team All SEC team.
pros: Absolutely menace with the ball, will fight for every available yard. Great ball skills, especially tracking over the shoulder deep balls. Great center of gravity, hard to tackle and can make cuts without losing speed. Good acceleration out of breaks in routes.
cons: Not the most physically imposing receiver, definitely could struggle with physicality. Used more in a gadget role. Not much outside receiver experience.
take: Robinson is exactly what he claims his game to be… “electric”. Kentucky was feeding him the ball because he was clearly the best player on the team.  If a team wants to design him targets like they should have with Rondale Moore and Kadarius Toney, he will be a great piece for an offense.
WR Jalen Tolbert South Alabama 76
info: NA
pros: 2 straight 1000+ receiving yard seasons. Good deep threat, has the speed and length to win down the sideline. Good routes for his size, get out of top of breaks well. Solid athlete all around, has the quickness as well as speed.
cons: 8 drops on the season, hands are inconsistent especially over the middle. Thin frame that can get bullied at the line.
take: Tolbert put together a great career at South Alabama where he was the clear number one and still was getting open. He’s a good athlete that can get open with good routes. He’s too small at this point and will need to add strength to his game to fight through press and contact.
WR David Bell Purdue 75
info: Bell has never had a bad year, coming out of Warren Central he was named the Indiana Gatorade player of the year and male athlete of the year. He stayed local and committed to Purdue where he excelled immediately. He was the Big 10 freshman of the year as well as a Freshman All American after eclipsing 1000 yards receiving. His 2020 year was just as good and was named to the All-Big 10 first team as well as Academic All-Big 10. His senior year he did more of the same with 1,275 yards and another first team All-Big 10 selection.
pros: Good ball skills, great catch where he was falling backwards and still snagged it. Physical receiver, strong and hard to bring down. Produced every year.
cons: No shake to his game, won’t create quick separation. Long speed is average.
take: Bell is a solid receiving prospect that wins with strength and savvy routes. He isn’t a good athlete for the position but that never stopped him from producing. He should be able to contribute to a team’s receiving room immediately.
WR Bo Melton Rutgers 75
info: NA
pros: Super athlete, ran a 4.34 with a 38 inch vert. Team captain his last 2 years. Runs really good routes, sells the defenders often. Can make people miss pretty well, lot of screens. Has good quickness as well as the long speed.
cons: On the smaller side, 5’11 189. Has nearly a 10% career drop rate and never had over 700 yards. Played slower than his 40 showed.
take: Melton may have been screwed over by being on Rutgers for so many years. He wasn’t getting many good passes thrown to him but he was consistently cooking his man (especially Northwestern). Melton may be the steal of the draft if he was truly hidden by Rutgers in college.
WR Isaiah Weston Northern Iowa 74
info: NA
pros: 23 YPC, a good deep threat. Physical freak, 6’3 (1/2) 214 and jumped 40 inches ran a 4.42 with 20 Bench reps. Showed good plays against press coverage. Fast once he’s moving definite deep threat.
cons: Is not good with the ball in his hands, a handful of broken tackles. Turning radius and quickness of an 18 wheeler. Deep ball tracking could be better.
take: Weston is a toned down DK Metcalf who played with a garbage can at quarterback. He’s a physical freak with great speed but never put up the numbers because his QB had no deep ball. He isn’t a great at tracking/attacking the ball but he’s a freak and not many people are built like him.
WR Justyn Ross Clemson 74
info: NA
pros: Big Receiver at 6’4 205 pounds. Top recruit and a 1000 yard receiver as a true freshman. Solid 50/50 ball receiver. Runs good routes for a 6’4 receiver.
cons: Struggled with drops over his career until senior year. Had a spinal condition that shut him down for the entire 2020 season. Never played as well as he did as a freshman. Too thin to be a physical receiver. Doesn’t separate well, not much quickness in his game.
take: Ross had a blazing fast start to his career before a spinal injury detracted from his career. He’s a big receiver that’s also a solid athlete with great production as a young player. His senior year wasn’t as dominate because of his lack of suddenness and Clemson offense took a massive step back. If he can get back to his freshman year self a team can get themselves a very good receiver.
WR Kevin Austin Notre Dame 74
info: NA
pros: You can tell by looking at him he’s a freak, he’s jacked and a freak athlete. Hes 6’2 200 and all of good weight, he also ran a 4.41 and had great cone numbers. Plays fast, you can see quickness and speed in some of his routes. Has the ability to win with physicality.
cons: One year of 800+ yards and nearly no production past that. Suspended all of 2019. Some routes are run slowed down and a little unsure. Not much press, will have to learn how to beat it.
take: Austin is another physical freak kind of receiver that you wish produced more. He clearly has the ability to be a good receiver now it’s time to see if he will develop and be utilized.
WR Khalil Shakir Boise St 74
info: NA
pros: Good athlete. 3 years of solid production capped off by a 1,100 yard season. Has a few spectacular catches on his resume. Makes people miss with the ball in his hands, good change of direction.
cons: 10 drops his senior year most coming over the middle. Short arms at 29 inches. Don’t see much shake in his game, doesn’t have many press releases.
take: Shakir is a tough eval because he doesn’t have much experience against top talent and press. He is a good athlete who is great with the ball in his hands but it’s unknown if he can create separation. He could get lost in a receiving core without the a focus on him.
WR Jerreth Sterns Western Kentucky 73
info: NA
pros: Brother is Caden Sterns. Productive at every level, finished out with 148 receptions, 1891 yards and 17 TDs. Graded 90.5 in 2021 with a 2% drop rate. Willing to make a catch in traffic and hold on to it. Gets vertical very well, gets down the field from the slot well.
cons: Not a physically impressive WR, ran a 4.6 at 5’9 195. Slot only player, never had to deal with press or run on the outside. Not many real reps against man, a lot of schemed targets.
take: Sterns may not be the big fast receiver people are looking for but he sure has the production. He’s good from the slot, has good hands and is quick off the line.
WR Corey Sutton Appalachian St 74
info: NA
pros: 3 years of production where he was 2nd and 1st team All-Sun belt. Listed at 6’3 205. Great hands, under  5 percent drop rate and can exten to make strong hand catches. Has some ability to get off press, decent job against Miami.
cons: Old prospect, played in 2016. Not a great athlete, not the strongest or fastest receiver.
take: Sutton not only looks the part but also produced for app state. His hands are great and he’s a good not great athlete. He will have to refine some things when it comes to physicality but he showed that he has the ability to be a starting receiver.
WR Tyquan Thorton Baylor 73
info: NA
pros: Super fast, ran a 4.28 at the combine with a 10’10 broad. Runs right passed defenders with ease once he’s going. Decently quick for a guy that is that lanky.
cons: He is a twig, 180 at 6’2. 8.25 inch hands. Doesn’t come out of breaks fast at all. Will struggle with physicality.
take: Thorton has wheels, that is for sure. If you don’t play over the top you will not keep up with him. Unfortunately that basically all he excels at, he doesn’t create separation well.
WR Erik Ezukanma Texas Tech 73
info: NA
pros: Leading receiver on his team 3 straight years and was a team captain. Solid Size, 6’2 210. Good with the ball in his hands, can make people miss. Quick first step for his size, can cut underneath corners easy.
cons: Never had an 800+ yard receiving season. Can get jammed too easily for his size. Not a top tier athlete.
take: Ezukanma was Texas Techs top guy for a while now because of his size and ability to win at the catch point and with routes. He doesn’t show anything that is top tier but he has the tools to be a good NFL receiver.
WR Jaivon Heiligh Costal Carolina 72
info: NA
pros: Back to back good years, 1st team All Sun Belt and 130 receptions 2000 yards and 17 TDs. Has the ability to get off the line with some quickness and crafty routes. Solid separation speed, can run posts faster than you would think.
cons: Would like to see better hands, 11 drops over last 2 years. On the slim side, not a physical receiver at all. Played a low level of comp, tbd if he can play against higher level talent.
take: Heiligh was a large part of Costal Carolinas offense, he won with solid speed and good routes. He needs to prove that he can do it against top competition though, he was beating up on lower level talent.
WR Talolo Limu-Jones Eastern Washington 73
info: NA
pros: Huge receiver at 6’4 220 a former TE. 71 receptions 1118 yards and 6 TD his final year. Surprisingly athletic for his size, can accelerate pretty well.
cons: Played against FCS competition. 10%+ drop rate, needs to have better hands. A lot of bubble screens.
take: Limu-Jones is a great athlete with great size, that alone should get him drafted. Although he produced 1118 yards many of them were screens and he needs to be developed.
WR Tre Turner Virginia Tech 72
info: NA
pros: 4 years of 500+ yard production. Stacks corners better than you would think. Good body control and is very smooth. Solid quickness off the line.
cons: Poor testing, 8.5 hands, 184 pounds, 27 vert and 7.45 3 cone. Never cracked 700 yards or 5 tds. Weaker receiver, 50/50 may not translate to the NFL. Low end traits, not going to have a trump card.
take: Turner was a very solid WR for the Hookies and didn’t have much of a hole in his game. He doesn’t have a top end trait that he can lean back on and win which will hurt his ceiling. He’s good enough to get in to a receiver rotation but wont be a featured guy.
WR Danny Gray SMU 72
info: NA
pros: Great athlete with a 4.33 40 and a 10’6 broad. Quick in and out of breaks. Pretty good with the ball in his hands. Easily runs past defenders.
cons: Drop issue, 7 drops his senior year. A little on the thin side and doesn’t have much strength.
take: Gray didn’t have the greatest career at SMU but he’s a very good athlete. He’s had some nice plays but he has a lot of focus drops and not a physical receiver. If he cleans up his drops he could be a nice piece in a receiving core.
WR Dai’Jean Dixon Nicholls St 72
info: NA
pros: Good size at 6’3 205. 2 seasons of 90+ PFF grades and a 1000 yard season his final year. Solid hands, not many drops in his career. History of contested catches (at a lower level). Impressive separation for the lack of athleticism he shows.
cons: ran a +4.6 40 and didn’t stand out at combine. From a small school with little competition. Never going to be confused with a twitchy player. Not going to have many harp breaks to create separation.
take: Dixon was clearly a level above the competition at Nicholls State. He’s a big receiver that showed ability to create separation but it is an unknown if he can be productive at a higher level.
WR Calvin Austin Memphis 72
info: NA
pros: Austin is one of the best athletes in the draft, he ran blazing fast and tested great. Back to back 1000 yard receiving yard seasons. Angle breaking speed, runs right past defenders with ease. Super quick off the line, can beat press like that.
cons: Super small receiver, looks to be a gadget guy. Not good playing through contact, too small. Wasn’t great at getting separation, never set up routes or made them crisp.
take: Austin is what you think he is, an explosive athlete and solid with the ball in his hand. He’s not a refined receiver and will have a hard time at the next level because of his size.
WR Tay Martin Oklahoma St 72
info: Martin was a 3 star recruit out of Ellender Memorial in Louisiana and an accomplished basketball player there. He committed to Washington State and had a solid 3 years there before transferring to Oklahoma State. He didn’t get much playing time because Tylan Wallace took a lot of his reps, but immediately stepped in his senior year and had a 1000 yard season.
pros: 1000 yard and 10 TD season in 2021 after Wallace left (84 grade). Very good blocker, willing to be physical with corners. Great body control, can adjust in the air very fluently. Solid bend in his routes, can stop and break in well for size.
cons: Only 184 pounds and struggled with concentration drops. Didn’t break out until his 5th year and took Tylan Wallace’s old role. Older prospect, born in 1997. Scary reps in press where he can’t get off of it because he’s so weak. Not going to be a threat after the catch.
take: Martin is a less physical Tylan Wallace, he was used the same way but just was a little less productive that the former all American. He is a solid receiver whos production probably outmatched his talents. He will need to get better at handiling physicality throughout the route if he wants to succeed as an X receiver in the league.
WR Kyle Phillips UCLA 72
info: NA
pros: Crafty route runner. Punt returning experience. Has some nice lateral speed, can cut and accelerate out of breaks well.
cons: Bad measurables, small arms/hands/frame and 4.58 40. Super slow, never going to threaten deep. Dances too much at stem of routes, unnessesary.
take: Phillips is your typical small white slot receiver. He’s not a good athlete but a solid player with not much upside.
WR Deven Thompkins Utah St 71
info: NA
pros: 104 receptions 1722 yards and 10 TDs Career 4.4% drop rate. Great speed, can blow past corners easily and separate. Has good quickness and change of direction skills.
cons: Didn’t break out until his senior year. Super small, 5’8 155 pounds. Only a slot receiver, played from the slot and no physical press experience.
take: Thompkins is a lot like Atwell, he’s a very fast receiver that is just very small. He’s a limited receiver but in a specific role he can be a good player for a team.
WR Neil Pau'u BYU 72
info: NA
pros: Great build 6’4 215, big receiver that has a good amount of athleticism. Solid hands, has a big catch radius and not many drops.
cons: Never had a breakout big time year. Can get tangled up down the field and create no separation.
take: Pau’u is what you look for in a big receiver, 6’4 215 and a solid athlete. He’s just missing that break out year he should have had.
WR Slade Bolden Alabama 71
info: NA
pros: Louisiana Gatorade player of the year at QB. Student of the game that does a good job not giving route away. Great slot guy, knows the game and has good IQ.
cons: Very little college production. Bad speed and doesn’t have the measurables. Isn’t much of a tackle breaker.
take: Bolden is what you think he is, a limited athlete and a great slot receiver. He won’t be burning anyone or out muscling them but he knows what to do based on his skillset.
WR Romeo Doubs Nevada 71
info: Doubs wasn’t a highly recruited player coming out of Jefferson High School in LA, but chose to commit to Nevada because they recruited him hardest. They found a diamond in the rough, by his third season he was a force. He was a 1000 yard receiver the last 2 years as well as a 1st team All-Mountain West receiver.
pros: Good speed to get down the field fast. Great production over his career. Won a good amount of 50/50 balls.
cons: Got exposed at the senior bowl 1v1s. Not a nuanced route runner, a lot of deep routes where he just out runs defender.
take: Doubs had a very good career for Nevada with great deep speed. He went to the senior bowl and didn’t play well which doesn’t translate well to a top receiver. He could be a solid deep threat for a team but never a number 1 or a good separator.
WR Josh Johnson Tulsa 70
info: NA
pros: Finished off his career with an 1000 yard receiving season. Good speed, can burn down the seam. Good at dropping his weight and getting out of his breaks.
cons: 13% career drop percentage. Smaller side at 5’10 180, will have a hard time with physicality. Not good at adjusting to make a play on the ball.
take: Johnson is definitely undersized but that didn’t stop him from racking up yards from the slot. He speed and ability to run routes could make him a solid option as a slot in the NFL.
WR Charleston Rambo Miami 71
info: NA
pros: 1,165 receiving yards once he left Oklahoma. Cleaned up his drop problems his senior year. Although small, solid after the catch for getting extra yards. Can sink his hips and break very well. Smooth route runner, looks easy for him.
cons: Under 180 pounds and doesn’t run a sub 4.4. Not going to hold up against physicality too much. Not twitchy, won’t shake anyone with a quick move.
take: Rambo is too small that’s a fact, playing at under 180 is a no no in the NFL. He’s a super smooth receiver who played well in the ACC and could contribute but press coverage should wash him away.
WR Samori Toure Nebraska 70
info: NA
pros: One year at Nebraska 900 yards and 19.5 YPC. Great deep threat, has the speed and the ball tracking to get it done.
cons: One year of FBS tape, played at Montana before. 190 pounds at 6’3 very skinny. Not sure how he will handle press and strong physical corners.
take: Toure showed out his last year at Nebraska showing his deep ball skills even against Ohio State. It will be an adjustment once he deals with real physicality but he could be a solid deep threat.
WR Calvin Turner Hawaii 71
info: NA
pros: Fantastic with the ball in his hands, breaks absurd amounts of tackles.
cons: Doesn’t show out as a receiver everything is after he has the ball normally.
take: Turner is a bit of a tweener, an running back and a receiver. He’s a playmaker that can add some explosiveness to an offense.
WR Jaquarii Roberson Wake Forrest 70
info: NA
pros: Back to back good years, a 92.6 grade in 2020 and 71 1078 8 in 2021. Really good testing numbers surprisingly. Solid at separating last second and making a play on the ball.
cons: Skinny receiver, 6’1 182 not a physical player. Doesn’t have the juice in his routes, looked sluggish in and out of breaks. Won’t add anything with the ball in his hands.
take: Roberson really surprised with his pro day numbers, he looked like a 4.6 on tape but was a 4.4 with a 40 inch vert. He’s still too skinny and needs his athleticism to translate to the field but the tools are there to be a good WR.
WR Velus Jones Tennessee 70
info: NA
pros: Super athlete, ran a 4.31 at 6 foot 204. Great kicker return man, good at finding lanes and making people miss. Can run past anyone down the field.
cons: No receiving production, 800 yards was his best season out of 5. Super old, 25 in the NFL. No nuance to his routes, creates no separation unless its running past someone. Slow off the line, lazy to get to his route.
take: Jones wasn’t a good wide receiver at any point, despite his athleticism he can’t separate. He does have a calling card though, special teams. He was a gunner and return man and with the 4.31 speed that should earn him a roster spot.
WR Mike Woods Oklahoma 68
info: NA
pros: Checks all the measurable boxes, nothing pops off the screen but he’s an NFL athlete. Does a good job selling deep routes before throwing on the breaks. Shows ability to get the CB leaning and cut under.
cons: Never had a 700+ yard season. Had drop problems early on and cleaned the up a little later. Hands aren’t natural. Not going to win with any physical traits.
take: Woods is a solid athlete, a good enough athlete to play in the NFL but not good enough to win physically. He will have to continue to win with nuance and selling routes.
WR Braylon Sander Ole Miss 69
info: NA
pros: Size speed combo that in clearly NFL caliber, 6 foot 200 4.48. Big play receiver over 20+ yards a reception. Good speed and can burn guys deep.
cons: Never produced that much over 5 years, a lot of injuries. Not much experience with routes underneath, only a big play guy.
take: Sanders must have loved playing with Corral because he likes to throw where Sanders wins. He’s a solid deep threat that hasn’t shown much else to his game but he is good athlete who is worth a flyer.
WR Makai Polk Mississippi St 69
info: NA
pros: Lengthy receiver, 6’4 with 32+ inch arms. 1000+ yard receiving yards his final year with 105 receptions. Stops fast and can put a foot in the ground to break on a route. Solid hands, a natural receiver that doesn’t struggle with drops.
cons: Bad testing numbers, ran a 4.6 and a 31 inch vert under 200 lbs. One year of production. Slow, not going to ever threat vertically. No shake to his game, has to win with technique.
take: Polk just isn’t an athlete that can be great in the NFL, he has no traits that separate him. He was good enough his final year to get a shot as a solid 3rd or 4th receiver but he is limited.
WR Reggie Roberson SMU 69
info: NA
pros: 4 years of 600+ productions. Solid speed, can stack corners well. Has some quickness to his game, some shake to beat press.
cons: Sub 30 inch verticle, not an explosive athlete. Production went down from 2018 and 2019 seasons because of injuries. Not a physical receiver to win contested catches and too many drops.
take: Roberson was on his way to be a solid prospect before back to back injuries. He still showed the ability to run past defenders and has some decent quicks.
WR Andre Miller Maine 69
info: NA
pros: Big receiver at 6’2 220 and had an 86.2 grade in 2021. Apparently ran a 4.5 40. Looked like a dominate receiver against lower level competition.
cons: Never had over a 700 yard season in the FCS.
take: Miller has all the tools to make it in the NFL, he’s a big strong receiver that played well in the FCS. He just didn’t dominate as much as you would have liked in the FCS to take him in the mid rounds.
WR Jack Sorenson Miami OH 70
info: NA
pros: 75 receptions 1376 yards and 10 TDs. Good at breaking down in a route and making sharp cuts. Decent length, has a solid catch radius.
cons: Freshman in 2016 and had a lull in his career before his last year. Sauce Gardener ate his lunch, can’t get oof press. Not threatening with speed, very underwhelming.
take: Sorenson was Miami OH’s number 1 receiver for sure but he won’t be in the NFL. He struggled with good press and isn’t a top tier athlete so he will have to get by with routes and toughness.
WR Devon Williams Oregon 68
info: NA
pros: Massive receiver, 6’5 210 with 34 inch arms. Solid after the catch with the ball in his hands (stronger than corners). Has the tools to be a great jump ball receiver.
cons: Never broke 600 yards receiving, not much career production. Looks sluggish on the field (because of size). Cannot for the life of him make any sudden movements.
take: Williams is a first off the bus receiver, he is massive an intimidating WR. Unfortunately, that’s about it, he has no quickness and hasn’t produced. If he can ever get a little better in contested catch situations, he can find his way onto the field and maybe even convert to TE.
WR Jalen Nailor Michigan State 68
info: NA
pros: Solid with the ball in his hands, a lot of touches in his offense. Plays faster than a 4.5 40.
cons: Never got over 700 receiving yards.	No suddenness, slow breaks and routes. Doesn’t work to create separation well enough. Has some drop issues, career rate of 9%.
take: Nailor got a lot of touches at Michigan state because of his speed and vision but he never really produced through the air. He had a hard time creating a lot of separation which won’t get much better in the NFL.
WR Ty Fryfogle Indiana 68
info: NA
pros: Good jumping ability, 39 inch vert. Good acceleration off the ball. Looks the part, over 6 foot 200 and a solid athlete.
cons: 5 years without a breakout season. Struggled with drops his final year. Routes don’t create separation, doesn’t sink well.
take: Fryfogle disappointed in his final season after some hype he had well over a 10% drop rate. He’s got some tools to play but he hasn’t shown that he can be a main receiver yet.
WR Dennis Houston Western Illinois 68
info: NA
pros: 90 receptions 1020 yards and 6 TDs senior year. Looked good against FCS in highlights, showed ball skills.
cons: Only could watch highlights and played in the FCS.
take: Houston is a great FCS receiver that will need to prove it in the NFL. He’s a solid athlete who showed ball skills but it may not be good enough in the NFL.
WR Brandon Lewis Air Force 68
info: NA
pros: 30 YPC average and a 98.6 receiving grade. 2 TDs in his bowl game showing good speed and solid change of direction.
cons: Didn’t get many opportunities, only 31 total targets. 5’9 175 and never delt with press.
take: Lewis is a complete projection, he played in a triple option offense and only had 21 catches.
WR Kalil Pimpleton Central Michigan 68
info: NA
pros: almost had 2 years of 1000 yard seasons. Super shifty, can break guys down in a phone booth. Made some nice adjustments to the ball.
cons: 10% drop rate over last 3 years. Very small at 5’8 172. Probably can’t deal with press in the NFL.
take: Pimpleton is a fantastic athlete with great agility and burst. He’s as small as receivers get though which will limit his ceiling.
WR Calvin Jackson Washington St 68
info: NA
pros: Cousin is marquise brown and his dad played in the NFL for 6 years. Had 978 receiving yards his final year. Good athlete, has the speed and the twitch to play receiver.
cons: Started in JUCO at independence. One year of good production. On the smaller side, only working from the slot.
take: Jackson made his mark his final year, he jumped from 117 yards to 978. He’s a good athlete but may be slot only and played in an air raid offense.
WR Thomas Hennigan Appalachian St 68
info: NA
pros: Put up decent numbers for 5 straight years. Good routes and hands, looks willing to go over the middle with no fear. Played outside receiver so is versatile.
cons: Not the biggest, strongest or fastest receiver. Was his teams 2nd option.
take: Hennigan is a solid receiver that looks like a classic slot underneath route guy. He probably won’t be a good NFL receiver but could contribute.
WR Stanley Berryhill Arizona 68
info: NA
pros: Very shifty and can break tackles by breaking pursuit angles. Has a decent catches without many drops.
cons: He’s 5’9 182, very small.
take: Berryhill is a gadget player, he’s shifty and can play in the slot but not much past that.
WR Dontario Drummond Ole Miss 67
info: NA
pros: 1000 yard receiver his final year. Well built, 6’1 and 215 pounds. Solid with the ball in his hands, breaks arm tackles and can make you miss.
cons: Bad speed, ran a 4.65. Never had to play actual receiver, a lot of slot screen production. Doesn’t have the profile to separate well, never had to.
take: Drummond was an important part of Ole Miss’s offense but it’s not going to translate to the NFL. He won with screens and yac but he’s not very athletic and NFL DBs will stop him easily.
WR Jacob Birmelin Princeton 67
info: NA
pros: 88.5 grade and 783 yards on 3 TDs. Super shifty and hard to tackle in the Ivy league. Looked like a way better athlete.
cons: 5’8 174 and a student of the game. Played in the Ivy League.
take: Birmelin is a shifty student of the game from an IVY league. He is so small and played in such a low level of comp that it wont translate.
WR Taylor Grimes Incarnate Word 67
info: NA
pros: 91 receotions 1205 yards and 16 TDs his senior year. Dominated and ran past corners in his league.
cons: Small receiver at 5’11 180. Played against literal high schoolers, nowhere near athletic enough to be NFL comp.
take: It’s hard to take anything from his game because it was such a low level of competition, but he looked good non the less.
WR Britain Covey Utah 67
info: NA
pros: Tough slot and punt return guy.
cons: Super small and 25 already.
take: Covey is a slot receiver but he’s old and never put up big numbers.
WR Victor Tucker Charlotte 67
info: NA
pros: Was solid every year, 75+ grade every year and an average of 650 yards. Solid quickness, can get in and out of routes well.
cons: Not the biggest receiver, struggle on the outside with size, cant separate.
take: Tucker was a great player for Charlotte but the NFL is a little different. He seems like more of a depth piece than a starter.
WR Johnny Johnson Oregon 66
info: NA
pros: Solid with the ball in his hands, good contact balance. Has played special teams in the past.
cons: Tough combine numbers, doesn’t look like a good athlete. Doesn’t separate well at any point. Never had a high production season even with Herbert.
take: Johnson never really flashed at Oregon. He doesn’t have anything to his game that’s next level so it would be surprising if he turned it on in the NFL.
WR BJ Bird Morehead St 66
info: NA
pros: 86.5 grade with 90 yards 1313 yards and 13 TDs. Didn’t drop many balls in 2021. Won a lot of catches in traffic, good ball skills
cons: Played at morehead state, not good comp. Isn’t a great athlete, wasn’t blowing guys away in the FCS.
take: Bird was very good for Morehead State winning a lot of contested catches. He probably isn’t an NFL level athlete though.
WR Trey Gross Delware St 66
info: NA
pros: Good size at 6’4 210 and 13 TDs his senior year. Solid at jump balls.
cons: Broke 300 yards receiving one year. Played against garbage comp, wasn’t dominate.
take: Gross is a big receiver that may get a change in a camp because of it. He only had one good year out of 5 though so it wont be enough to hold on to an NFL spot.
WR Brandon Bowling Utah St 66
info: NA
pros: Solid hands, not may drops and went for 835 and 10 TDs in 2021.
cons: Undesized and slow with poor competition.
take: Bowling is a decent receiver but he lacks any traits to be a good NFL receiver, just a slot receiver.
WR Keith Corbin Jackson St 65
info: NA
pros: Played for deon and had nearly 1000 yards and is 6’2 200.
cons: Old prospect, started at Houston in 2016. Not a good athlete and wasn’t separating from low level competition.
take: Corbin was a fine player for Jacksonville state who could win jump balls. He’s nothing special though and probably can’t handle NFL secondaries.
WR Chris Thornton James Madison 65
info: NA
pros: 78 receptions 1005 yards and 12 TDs his senior year. Probably is ok.
cons: Small FCS receiver with no tape.
take: Didn’t watch.
WR Stephon Robinson Northwestern 65
info: NA
pros: No drops his senior year. A lot of good go routes down the side kine and adjustments to the ball.
cons: Super small, 5’9 177.
take: Robinson was actually pretty good in college but he’s 177 pounds, that will be hard to overcome.
WR Rick Wells Florida 65
info: NA
pros: Solid size, 6’1 200. Runs fine routes and is a decent athlete.
cons: Not a season over 300 yards receiving. Not good with the ball in his hands, not twitched up.
take: Wells really had no production in his career which probably won’t change in the NFL. He’s better than his stats say though, but it’s a very low bar.
WR Ke’Lenn Davis Texas Southern 64
info: NA
pros: 52 receptions and 1007 yards, 19.4 YPC.
cons: 6’2 187 a skinnier receiver. No film
take: Didn’t watch.
WR Trevon Bradford Oregon St 64
info: NA
pros: Played alright as a senior, 638 5 TDs and a 76 grade.
cons: No film.
take: Didn’t watch.
WR Tyrice Richie Northern Illinois 63
info: NA
pros: Graded as an 81.9 in 2020.
cons: Not an NFL athlete and only got 591 yards as his max.
take: He’s not an NFL guy, just not good enough.