OT Marcus Mbow Purdue 74
size: *6'5 300, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 1,863 career snaps 21 pressures, 75.9 RBLK 73 PBLK
info: 22 years old. 3 star recruit out of Wauwatosa East in Milwaukee WI.
pros: 3 year starter at guard and tackle with grades in the 70s. Good athlete, moves well in space. Solid power to the run game, works hard. Solid length. Fast feet. Finishes blocks well.
cons: Very grabby, hands outside of the defenders frame a lot. On the thinner side, anchor may be a problem. Hate his stance, too narrow. Leans and is off balance too often.
take: Mbow has the physical tools to be a starting NFL OT. He flashes really good moments of aggression and athleticism, but its inconsistent. He needs to refine his technique and fundamentals but if he does he’s a good OT.
OT Will Campbell LSU 89
size: *6'5 320, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 career snaps 0 pressures, 0 RBLK 0 PBLK
info: 21 years old. 4 star Recruit out of Nevilee in Monroe LA, top 10 Tackle. True freshman starter where he was a Freshman All American. Started every game as a sophomore allowing 0 sacks and being a 1st team All SEC Selection by the coaches.
pros: Good feet in pass pro. Smooth pass protector with good change of direction. Uses hands well, keeps fighting to get his hands fit. Good power then the run game can move players. Good size. Started and played well as a true freshman. Strong hands.
cons: Plays a little high, needs to play with better leverage. Length can give him issues. Not an elite athlete, can get beat by the freaky edge rushers. Dont’t love his narrow stance.
take: Campbell was a NFL ready tackle prospect at a very young age. He has the natural power to help in the run game to go along with the high level pass pro that is needed in a tackle. He plays very in control and with good technique, that will serve him well as an instant starter in the NFL.
OT Jack Nelson Wisconsin 74
size: *6'7 316, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 3,191 career snaps 7 pressures, 70.7 RBLK 83.5 PBLK
info: 5 star recruit out of Stoughton Wisconsin.
pros: 4 year starter, over 3000 career snaps. High pedigree recruit. Wisconsin OL. Solid pass sets, good positioning. Good hands, refits and strikes well.
cons: Not an overly physical OL. Doesn’t move DL in the run game. Feet aren’t that quick. Slow to recover from being beat.
take: Nelson didn’t truly live up to the 5 star hype he had out of HS, he’s not athletically gifted enough to be a highly sought after OT. He’s played 4 very good seasons for the badgers and can play in the NFL.
OT Charles Grant William & Marry 69
size: *6'4 300, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 2,643 career snaps 10 pressures, 89.9 RBLK 87.3 PBLK
info: 0 star recruit out of Churchland in Portsmouth VA.
pros: Dominated his final year. Solid athlete, moves well for his size.
cons: Low level of competition. Wide hands, holds too much. No technique, he’s a project. Not the biggest OL.
take: NA
OT Wyatt Milum West Virginia 77
size: *6'6 312, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 2,933 career snaps 8 pressures, 87.5 RBLK 90.0 PBLK
info: Milum was the top rated recruit from West Virginia and stayed close to home committing to West Virginia. He started 8 games as a true freshman at RT and was named a Freshman All American. He then switched to LT for 2022 and beyond where he was the full time starter the rest of his career grading out well and being named 1st team All Academic.
pros: 5 star top recruit. Very experienced Tackle. Started as a true freshman and played solid. Played both LT and RT in career. Solid athlete at size. Solid anchor. Wins his reps more often than not. Solid aggression in the run game, high effort.
cons: Off balance too often. Drops his head on contact too much. Bad hands in pass pro, doesn’t throw punches well. Slow to get hat across defenders. Usually wins ugly.
take: Milum is a solid lineman that has the physical tools and aggression to be a starting NFL OL. He needs work though, his hands and feet aren’t going to allow him to start right away. He should be drafted and developed and could turn into a solid starter.
