RB Kaleb Johnson Iowa 77
size: *6'0 225, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 240 attempts 1,535 yards 21 TDs 0 Fum, 87.5 RUN 64.4 RECV 66 MFT
info: 21 years old. 3 star recruit out of Hamilton OH.
pros: Massive final year or production and solid as a true freshman. Top tier vision, always makes the most of the blocking. Doesn’t get tackled easily. Good size. Patient and sets up blocks well.
cons: Not an elite athlete. Doesn’t make any really quick moves to change direction. One year of starting.
take: Johnson is a very impressive RB. He’s got good size and great vision and patience that resulted in great stats his final year. He’s not the top tier athlete that will go round 1 but he should be a starting NFL RB.
RB RJ Harvey UCF 72
size: *5'9 208, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 231 attempts 1,578 yards 22 TDs 2 Fum, 89.9 RUN 62.7 RECV 68 MFT
info: No star recruit out of Edgewater in Orlando FL where he played QB. Played 1 year at Virginia where he read shirted and transferred to UCF.
pros: Team captain. Back to back 1,400+ yard seasons. Good burst. Solid open field speed. Solid size. Runs hard and through contact. Good short area quickness and shake.
cons: Older RB that didn’t break out until his 4th year. Not a good pass protector. Not a power back, wont be running through NFL LBs. Can get caught dancing in the backfield.
take: Harvey may not be the biggest RB but he has built a very impressive resume. He was very productive thanks to his good vision and very good quickness. He has experience being a work horse and may be able to continue that at the next level if given the opportunity.
RB Devin Neal Kansas 73
size: *5’11 215, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 attempts 0 yards 0 TDs 0 Fum, 0 RUN 0 RECV 0 MFT
info: 21 years old. Neal was the top recruit coming out of Kansas and decided to stay close to home going to the university of Kansas. He immediately got playing time as a true freshman running for 700 yards. He followed it up by rushing for 1000+ yards in 2022, 2023 and 2024. He now holds the All Time rushing records for Kansas.
pros: Team captain. Good production every year of his career. Top tier vision. Solid pass catcher, good hands. Good short area movement, makes very quick cuts. Has a knack for side stepping tacklers. Patient runner, waits for blocks to develop.
cons: Not an overly powerful back that runs through contact. Not a very aggressive runner. Doesn’t have special acceleration or burst.
take: Neal is a solid runner that excels in one on one matchups and making a guy miss. He has the top tier change of direction to break ankles but he’s missing the juice of top tier RB. He can be a solid rotational piece in a NFL backfield.
RB Ashton Jeanty Boise St 86
size: *5'8 215, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 attempts 0 yards 0 TDs 0 Fum, 0 RUN 0 RECV 0 MFT
info: 21 years old. Jeanty was a 4 star recruit out of Lone Star in Frisco TX where he was a dominate WR before switching to RB. He committed to Boise St where he made an immediate impact rushing for 821 yards as a 18 year old. He followed that up with a 1,300 yard receiver even with splitting time with George Holani. He finished his college career with one of the best season a RB has had in college football.
pros: Great receiver, featured part of the game and a former WR. Good vision. Good athlete, solid change of direction and acceleration. Great contact balance. Good combination of power and speed in space. Ultra productive.
cons: Fumbles too many times. Played against lower level competition. Very short, no length to his game.
take: Jeanty is one of the better running backs coming out of college over the last few years. He has a blend of power and speed along with great vision which allows him to rack up massive numbers. He’s not the biggest or fastest RB so he won't be a top 5 pick but he’s as good as a prospect gets.
RB Bhayshul Tuten Virginia Tech 72
size: *5'11 209, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 attempts 0 yards 0 TDs 0 Fum, 0 RUN 0 RECV 0 MFT
info: Tuten was a no star recruit that got his start at NC A&T after his HS playing days in NJ. He had a breakout sophomore year in 2022 with 1,300 rush yards and averaging 6.6 a pop. He transferred to VT and immediately became the starter. He made a name for himself and showed out the second half of 2023.
pros: Elite track runner, 7.03 60 meter. Makes defenders miss well. Runs very hard, feet churn through contact. Solid build, has good mass behind him. Great acceleration. Good patience and vision.
cons: Not a highly rated recruit with the early in career pedigree. 9 fumbles in 2023 and 2024, could have an issue. Doesn’t have great agility, more of a linear RB. Not a great receiver, hands are below average. Bad pass blocker, missed assignments and not physical blocking.
take: Tuten is a hard running strong and fast RB. He has the tools to be an NFL RB, but he lacks the 3rd down ability to be an every down back. He could start in the NFL but will probably find his way to a backup or committee role.
RB Kalel Mullings Michigan 70
size: *6'2 233, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 attempts 0 yards 0 TDs 0 Fum, 0 RUN 0 RECV 0 MFT
info: 22 years old. 4 star LB recruit out of Milton Academy in Boston MA. He was the gatorade player of the year in Massachusetts.
pros: Great size for a power back. Has never fumbled. Former LB, can play special teams. Great power. Runs hard and picks up extra yards. Solid straight line speed.
cons: One year of production. Not a sudden back. Change of direction is not good. Vision is middle of the road.
take: Mullings is a one trick pony, he is a straight line power back. He hasn’t played much RB with only one year starting but if you need a situational short yardage back he can fill that role.
RB Treveyon Henderson Ohio St 75
size: *5'10 208, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 attempts 0 yards 0 TDs 0 Fum, 0 RUN 0 RECV 0 MFT
info: 22 years old. Henderson was the top RB recruit in the country coming out of Hopewell VA where he was dominate. He ran for over 4000 yards in his career and earned himself VA Gatorade PoY in 2019-2020. He commited to OSU where he immediately made an impact and rushed for 1,248 yards as a true freshman. The next two years he didn’t eclipse the 1k yard mark causing him to come back and team up with Judkins to make the best backfield in the country.
pros: Came in as a true freshman and dominated. Not many fumbles in his career, protects the ball. Solid production in the pass game, can block and receive. Low center of gravity, plays with good pad level. Solid burst. Plays well in a phone booth, makes people miss in tight space.
cons: Has delt with injuries that reduced his production after his freshman year. Not an elite athlete, won't break any pursuit angles. Not an overpowering or overwhelming RB, not physically special.
take: Henderson is a very good running back that is good in all aspects of the position. He is great in a phone booth where he can maneuver around defenders and show off his strength and agility. Injuries have been an issue in the past and may have hurt his speed a bit, but he can be a starting NFL RB.
RB Jacory Croskey-Merritt Arizona 71
size: *5'11 204, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 188 attempts 1,191 yards 17 TDs 2 Fum, 92.5 RUN 74.1 RECV 64 MFT
info: 24 years old. Crosky-Merritt was an underrated player throughout his career. He was a 0 star RB out of Sidley Lanier AL and attended Alabama St. He transferred to New Mexico and his career took off with a 1k season. That season led to him transferring a second time to Arizona. At Arizona he only played one game due to eligibility issues.
pros: Had a breakout 2023, with a 90+ pff grade and over 1000 yards. Runs very hard, fights for each yard. Good athlete with good speed and agility. Jump cuts are sudden and explosive. Good vision, makes nieces cuts to space. Good in zone scheme.
cons: Didn’t produce a ton at alabama state and had to pump his numbers up the last 2 games at New Mexico. Can dance a little too much in the backfield. Not a powerful runner, wont be trucking anyone soon.
take: Croskey-Merritt is an extremely talented back with great athleticism and effort. The question is why was he underachieving until last few years. If a team picks him up he could be a home run pick.
RB Raheim Sanders South Carolina 69
size: *6'2 240, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 attempts 0 yards 0 TDs 0 Fum, 0 RUN 0 RECV 0 MFT
info: 23 years old. Sanders was a 4 star athlete coming out of Rockledge FL where he played both sides of the ball. He made the switch to RB only his freshman year at Arkansas and was named to the All Freshman SEC team. He broke out in 2023 rushing for over 1,400 yards and gained all SEC honors with his 6.5 YPC. Unfortunately in 2023 he had a knee injury that cut his season short. He transferred to South Carolina for his 4th year to lead the Gamecocks backfield.
pros: Had an early breakout season, solid as a freshman and 1,400+ yards as a sophomore. Strong runner, hard to bring down without pads behind you. Powerful back that can run over defenders. Solid patience, waits for blocks to develop.
cons: Fumbles a little too often. Injured in the 2023 season and not much production. Acceleration is only average. Not a quick back, can’t plant the foot and go vertical.
take: Sanders is a big back that has a good track record of production. He’s not the best back because of his change of direction and acceleration but he can be a NFL teams power back.
RB Donovan Edwards Michigan 68
size: *6'1 210, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 attempts 0 yards 0 TDs 0 Fum, 0 RUN 0 RECV 0 MFT
info: 22 years old. Edwards was a 5 star recruit out of West Bloomfield MI. He stayed close to home and committed to a loaded backfield in Michigan with Zach Carbonnet and Blake Corum. He broke out in 2022 forming one of the best RB duos with Corum and rushed for nearly 1k yards. He took a step back in 2023 when Corum really took over the backfield.
pros: Had a hand in Michigan's National championship run. Great speed. Very good change of direction and agility. Good receiving threat.
cons: Couldn’t get many reps when Blake Corum was there. Vision is only ok. Not a powerful back. Doesn’t break many tackles.
take: Edwards is a change of pace back with good speed. He wont be a top level NFL starter but he can be a home run hitter for a team.
