C John Michael-Schmitz Minnesota 78
info: 2,495 career snaps 92.4 RBLK 81 PBLK 8 pressures.
pros: Remington award winner and the top graded center at 92.3.4 seasons of over 400 snaps with over 80 PFF grades. Good center size at 6’4 320, not a typical undersized lineman. Solid strength for a center, can anchor well against bull rushes. Great zone blocker, runs his feet well and gives high effort. Good IQ in pass pro and uses his hands well.
cons: Older prospect, going to be 24 in the NFL. Plays high leaving him vulnerable to be out leveraged. Would like to see more power in the run game by vertically moving people off the ball.
take: Michael Schmitz is ready to step in and play center in the NFL, he was fairly dominate in college which should allow him to be a serviceable starting center. The upside isn’t really there, he isn’t a special athlete but he’s solid and that’s whats needed in the center position.
C Rickey Stromberg Arkansas 76
info: 3,121 career snaps 83.7 RBLK 77.1 PBLK 11 pressures.
pros: Solid size at 6’4 315 with 33 inch arms and 22 years old. 4 year starter that improved every year of his career. Good strength in the run game, can turn DL as well as drive LBs back. Has a solid anchor and a good feel for blitzes and stunts in pass pro.
cons: In the games where he played NFL talent you can see him struggle more than you would like. Leans a little too much in pass pro, needs to sink and play lower. Not high level athlete, wont wow anyone with blocks in space.
take: Stromberg is an impressive center, he can be dominate in the run game and he’s solid in pass pro. He checks all the boxes you want in a center and should be able to start as a rookie.
C Joe Tippmann Wisconsin 75
info: 1,456 career snaps 78 RBLK 79.2 PBLK 5 pressures.
pros: Wisconsin lineman that is 21 6’6 315 and has played good football every year. He has a sick mullet, he looks the part. Really good athlete for his size, can pull and play in space. Solid in pass pro, locks on defenders and keeps them infront of him. Solid strength, he can anchor well and shows plays in the run game where he can move the LOS
cons: At 6’6 he’s a high cut center, going to struggle to out leverage NTs. Not consistent with his use of power because of leverage. Can get off balance from bending at the waist too much because of height.
take: Weird to say but if Tippmann was about 2-3 inches shorter he may be an early day 2 pick. Many of his weaknesses are due to a lack of leverage but he’s a good athlete that’s young and has shown some power. He should be able to be a low end early on starter and develop into a solid center.
C Olusegun Oluwatimi Michigan 74
info: 3,479 snaps 83 RBLK 76.7 PBLK 9 pressures.
pros: Very experienced guard that has played for 3 schemes (Air Force, Virginia, Michigan). Had a 90 RBLK grade in 2021 at Virginia. Does a good job picking up blitzes and stunts, has seen a lot of fronts. Good athlete, can pull and log around the line as well as mirror defenders. Good in double teams, always gets a good push and can climb to a backer.
cons: Would like to see a bigger center at 6’3 307. He’s Not the strongest OL and he doesn’t play with good pad level. Isn’t a dog in the run game, likes to just do enough and get in the way, not drive the defender back.
take: Oluwatimi is a very experienced center with good enough strength and solid athleticism. He wont do much to wow you on tape but he has a good IQ and gets the job done nearly every time. He can most likely step in and play if you need to fill in an interior spot in the OL.
C Jarrett Patterson Notre Dame 74
info: info: Patterson was a highly sought after recruit coming out of Mission Viejo in California. He choose to attend Notre Dame and put together a very nice career there. He was the starter his sophomore year and on for a dominate Notre Dame offensive line. His final year he was named a captain and acted as a leader for the team all year.
pros: 2 time Notre Dame team captain, he’s a leader with great experience. Great at picking up stunts and passing them off, very smooth in pass pro. Gives good effort in the run game and stays on his blocks.
cons: Took a step back in grading after switching to guards from center. Lacking the anchor/power to play high level guard, best position is center. Could work on his pad level, can let defenders get under him too often.
take: Patterson is a guy you want on your team, he’s a smart leader that has played a lot of football. He’s not going to wow you physically but he will be able to step in and not be overwhelmed by the NFL.
C Luke Wypler Ohio St 73
info: 1,702 career snaps 80.8 RBLK 84.1 PBLK.
pros: Top 2 center recruit in 2020, he’s still a young player. 2 straight solid years as the starter. Good athlete, moves exceptionally well in space. Works hard to stay on blocks.
cons: Small at 6’3 300. Gets out powered way too often, both in the run and pass.
take: Wypler is the typical college center in the fact that he is small at only 300 pounds. Where he differs is his athleticism, he’s a very toned down Linderbaum. He needs to add strength to his game but he’s young enough that it is a real possibility that he can down the line.
