CB Garrett Williams Syracuse 76
info: Williams was a lightly recruited corner out of Hickory Ridge in Harrisburg NC. He committed to Syracuse where he played on special teams his 2019 season. He then took over across from Melifwanu to form a top tier secondary and was named to the Freshman All American team by the Athletic. He had a “down” 2nd season where he was an All-ACC HM allowing 33 receptions and 380 yards.
pros: Solid size, 6 foot 190 and looks the part. Breaks on screens and flat routes well.
cons:
take:
CB Christian Gonzalez Oregon 88
info: 4 INTS 6 PBU 45 tackles 83 TACK 81.4 COV.
pros: True junior that got better every year he played. 4 INTs in 2022 with 6 pass breakups, good ball production. Great size at 6’2 201. Long and fluid athlete that is great on the boundary covering go routes and stop routes at the sticks. Can flip his hips well and accelerate to full speed fast. Solid tackler, gets wide and low to wrap up ball carriers in open space. Good press coverage snaps, shows a variety of different techniques.
cons: Not the most twitched up corner, can get beat by quick moves and breaks. Not an overly physical corner, he won’t be throwing his body around in the box to stop run plays any time soon. Can get beat on double moves by looking into the backfield too much.
take: Gonazalez has it all, he’s a long corner with excellent movement skills and the ability to play press, zone and any coverage you ask of him. He showed the ability to play the ball in 2022 by getting 4 INTs and didn’t do much wrong all year. If he became a more physically imposing player he would be right there with Carter and Anderson, but he’s a great CB that should translate well to the league.
CB Devon Witherspoon Illinois 87
info: 3 INTS 14 PBU 32 tackles 72.9 TACK 92.5 COV.
pros: A true shut down corner, 206 yards on 35% completion percentage and 0 TDs. 3 INTs and 14 PBUs, good ball production. Top graded CB and an All American. First play of the year he killed a WR screen. Very twitched up, explosive and aggressive athlete. He has that dawg in him, he wants to hit and wants to win every rep.
cons: Had the one great year, didn’t show out until 2022. 6 foot 180, on the skinnier side of corners. Didn’t play the greatest receivers, wasn’t truly challenged. No much press man to man where he is locking up a WR.
take: Witherspoon is a CB you want on your team. He’s a firery competitor that will attack in the run and screen game and can lock down in the pass game. He’s on the smaller side and isn’t the smoothest press man corner but he will be a good NFL player.
CB Joey Porter Penn St 78
info: 0 INT 9 PBU 24 tackles 57.7 TACK 77.4 COV.
pros: Good size at 6’2 198. Has the prototypical outside corner build, good speed long arms and good size. Physical at the line, he wont be bullied in press.
cons: Not a twitched up athlete, his change of direction and acceleration are only ok. Only one INT in 4 years, needs to play the ball better. Has to be grabby because his feet are not quick.
take: Porter is a big press corner that has played pretty well for Penn State over his career. He has all the tools to be a starting corner in the league but he’s not there yet. He’s feet are not good enough so he gets very grabby or beat badly.
CB Kelee Ringo Georgia 82
info: 2 INT 5 PBU 40 tackles 69.4 TACK 70.3 COV.
pros: Physical specimen, he has the most impressive physical traits in the corner back group. Great speed to pursue plays. Good reps where he runs the route for the defenders. Played on 2 national championship teams and played well each year.
cons: Not the best change of direction, shifty receivers can gain separation too easily. Doesn’t use his hands enough at the line, likes to mirror WRs but that’s not his game.
take: Ringo is the player you create in madden at CB. He’ a big strong fast boundary corner that played solid in the SEC and won 2 national championships. Like many big corners he struggle sticking to shiftier WRs because he’s a little tight but he’s a good corner that can play immediately.
CB Cam Smith South Carolina 83
info: 1 INT 6 PBU 20 tackles 64.8 TACK 64.5 COV.
pros: 2021 had an 88.4 PFF grade. Great IQ and instincts, see’s plays develop and can blow up plays. Shifty corner that can cut and accelerate on a dime. Good ball skill, made some great plays on the ball over his career.
cons: Had a down year in 2022 compared to 2021. In 2022 moved to slot and didn’t perform as well as he did at outside. Not a big or very fast athlete, he’s pretty slim and not a 4.4 guy.
take: Smith’s comp is a slightly worse Devon Witherspoon. He’s on the lean side but he plays hard and see’s the game well. He doesn’t look like your prototypical CB but he’s a quick athlete that plays the position at a high level.
CB Clark Phillips Utah 78
info: 4 INT 6 PBU 22 tackles 37 TACK 86.3 COV.
pros: PAC 12 defensive player of the year. Very good athlete, moves very well. Instinctive and smart, see’s plays happening very fast to make breaks on the ball. Very aggressive corner, willing to throw his body around and make a play.
cons: A smaller corner at 5’10 183. Missed an absurd 28% of his tackles in 2022. Wish he was longer so he could play press man better.
take: If Clark Phillips was 2 inches taller and a tad bigger he’d be a top 10 pick. He plays the game at such a high level, but he really struggles with his biggest weakness. He’s small and misses too many tackles, for all the good anticipation he has he still needs to make the play. Phillips may be one of the top CBs in the league if he become a more physical player and can bring down NFL ball carriers.
CB Emmanuel Forbes Mississippi St 79
info: 6 INT 7 PBU 42 tackles 67.9 TACK 89.3 COV.
pros: Allowed 3 completions in man coverage, that’s also how many INTs he had. 14 INTs in 3 years and is a true junior. Great ball skills, locates the ball and makes plays on it. Long frame and loves to be physical, will get hands on and try to be physical. Has some great high IQ plays that can turn the tide in a game.
cons: Lean frame, another 6 foot 180 pound corner. Again he’s a twig. Not going to be a good run support player, needs to add strength. He’s a gambler, can get beat by losing his assignment.
take: Forbes looks like Devonta Smith with the lack of size on him. He’s not a very strong corner so he will struggle with that in the NFL but he plays hard and covered SEC receivers really well. He is a boom or bust corner though, he’s a gambler like Marcus Peters. If he’s right more than he is wrong he could have a great NFL career.
CB Deonte Banks Maryland 77
info: 1 INT 8 PBU 29 tackles 89.2 TACK 74.3 COV.
pros: Good size, 6’2 205. Only missed one tackle in 2022. Good in press, looks fluid defending go routes and playing physical. Good technique in press, gets hands on well.
cons: Missed 2021 do to a shoulder injury. Not that good of an athlete, not twitchy and the top end speed isn’t quite there.
take: Banks is a solid boundary corner with the size and length to play right now. He’s not a great athlete, the twitch and speed is alright but not special for sure.
