DL Jalen Carter Georgia 93
info: Carter was a 5 star recruit coming out of Apopka FL where he was compared to former Apopka resident Warren Sapp. The star DL was between some Florida and SEC schools and decided to go join the power house Georgia. As a true freshman he played in all 10 games and even caught a TD from Stetson against Tennessee. In 2021 he broke out in a loaded DL with Jordan Davis and Devante Wyatt forming probably the best interior DL in CFB history. He was 2nd team All SEC and helped the Dogs win the national championship over Alabama with 6 pressures in that game. He continued to show how dominate he was in 2022, continuing to improve in the run game and dominate guards in the pass game. He was named an All American and helped Georgia win another national championship.
pros: True junior that was a 5 star coming out of high school and has improved every year. Arguably the most dominated defender on a defense that produced 5 1st round picks. Back to back 89+ pass rush grades with a 24% win rate on true pass sets. Back to back national champion, he has had much success in his career. Great power, he walked Florida’s guard back easily. Plays with great leverage off the ball, he’s so quick and low off the ball he gets the upper hand on OL. Uses hand swipes well in the pass game and extends in the run game to shed blockers. Strong upper body, can toss OL off balance easily.
cons: He’s not the biggest DL, could struggle to hold up in the run game if quickness doesn’t work. Has not played over 400 snaps in a year. Probably not the best 2 gap players, way better at shooting gaps. Likes his go to outside move on the guard with a swim too much maybe, not many counters off of that.
take: Carter was the most dominate player in college football last year. He really doesn’t have weaknesses, the only things are he didn’t play a bunch of snaps and he probably needs to add more pass rush moves. He’s physically on another level with his explosiveness and it showed every play he was out there. He will be an All Pro at some point and the best player on his DL.
DL Bryan Bresee Clemson 79
info: Breese was the number 1 overall recruit playing at Damascus HS in MD. He had 35 sacks in HS with 134 career tackles and capped off his career with a state championship. After being named the Gatorade player of the year he committed to Clemson over every other power 5 school where he would play as a true freshman. He racked up 4 sacks and was named the ACC defensive freshman of the year and was an All ACC player. He only played in 4 games in 2021 after sufferring an injury to his knee and missed the rest of the season. He came back in 2022 and looked a lot like his freshman year and delt with a lot of adversity. He had a kidney inffection as well as dealt with the trauma of his sister having brain cancer. He battled through the season and finished the season with 3 sacks and an ACC championship.
pros: Former number 1 recruit over Jalen Carter that played well as a true freshman. 6’5 300 and a great athlete, has the physical tools. Good athlete for his size and can be a problem on stunts and free rushes. Shows plays where he flashes good pass rush moves.
cons: Under 1,000 career snaps, missed most of 2021. A lot of stunts from the Clemson D that isn’t how he will play much in the NFL. Shorter arms than you would like, can let OL into his pads and dictate the block. Pad level is too high, plays upright. He has been hurt every season, injuries are a concern. Not your every down solid player way too flashy.
take: Bresee had a somewhat disappointing career, he flashed as a freshman but didn’t really build on that. He’s a talented DL with the size and strength but he’s missing consistency. He can come in and be a rotational piece on the DL but if he develops he could be a good starter.
DL Siaki Ika Baylor 79
info: 18 pressures 0 sacks 20 tackles 69.1 RDEF 76.2 PRSH.
pros: Great size at 6’4 358, he can easily play the nose. Rare combo of size and quickness, can move like he’s 300 pounds not 350. Fires off the ball low and plays with a strong base.
cons: A nose tackle only most likely which is going to drive his stock down. Can get moved against double teams, doesn’t brace for the second OL well.
take: Ika is the prototypical NT with his large frame and strong base he can hold down the middle of a defense. He’s also a lot quicker than you would think at that size, he can pull out a spin move or a quick swim as well. He should be able to step in and play NT in the NFL and only get better from here.
DL Gervon Dexter Florida 76
info: 25 pressures 2 sacks 36 tackles 70 RDEF 55.2 PRSH.
pros: True junior and a former 5 star, has potential to improve greatly. Good size at 6’6 312. Played over 600 snaps in 2022, he can play all game if needed. Good power to his game, can walk lineman back as well as hold his ground in the run game. Shows that he can put a pass rush move on the OL, may not be NFL level but he has a nice swim.
cons: Took a step back in 2022, his pass rush grade lowered below 60. Played a lot but also had plays where he looked tired and got no push. Plays very very high, needs to fire off the ball lower. Not a twitchy DL, he’s not going to wow any guard with a quick speed move.
take: Dexter is a prototypical 3 tech at 6’6 312 he can bull rush and hold up in the run game. He’s not there yet as a NFL starter, he plays high and isn’t advanced with his hands. If you give him time and coaching though he can turn into a very good starting DL.
DL Tuli Tuipulotu USC 78
info: 56 pressures 13 sacks 25 tackles 75.9 RDEF 81.2 PRSH.
pros: True junior with back to back 82 PFF grades. Has some nice pass rush moves from both the edge an interior, has a nice jump swipe and wins to the outside. Violent hands in the pass game, can swim and throw guys well. Good blend of athleticism and size, can’t teach that.
cons: A little bit of a tweener, 6’4 290 he played a lot of edge in college. Won’t hold up to the run well in the interior. Wont threaten NFL tackles with speed.
take: Tuipulotu is a bit of a tweener, he’s too small to hold up well in the interior and not a good enough athlete for edge only. That being said a team can work to get him in a more defined role and he already has the ability to play both.
DL Mazi Smith Michigan 76
info: 25 pressures 1 sack 38 tackles 81 RDEF 68 PRSH.
pros: Freaky athlete, was Feldmans number 1 payer at 337 he did 22 reps of 325 and has a sub 7 3 cone. Over 600 snaps in 2022, he can play a lot of snaps every game. Unreal play strength, just tosses OL around.
cons: 2 career sacks even though he is a freaky athlete. No pass rush to speak of, barely uses hands and doesn’t try to bull the OL often. Terrible get off, just kind of stands straight up.
take: For a 4th year senior he is so underdeveloped. He’s a physical freak, god only made so many people as strong as he is but he doesn’t use it well. He’s got no pass rush, barely gets off the ball and no hand technique. If he would develop he could be unstoppable.
DL Calijah Kancey Pitt 85
info: 47 pressures 8 sacks 19 tackles 80.9 RDEF 92.4 PRSH.
pros: Great athlete for the position, so quick off of the ball. Played all 3 years at a high level. ACC player of the year and an all American. Can swim and sidestep then bend around guards like nothing, they can’t handle his speed. Actually held up to double teams really well. Great leverage, gets under OL and can bull them back.
cons: Wildly undersized at 6 foot 280. If a good OL gets hands on the rep is over, he’s small.
take: Kancey is the closest thing to Aaron Donald I’ve seen, he’s just a weaker and smaller Donald. That’s not a slight though, he’s still plenty strong and consistently abused OL. As long as a team doesn’t ask him to sit and occupy a gap or 2 gap he’s going to be an impact player.
DL Keion White Georgia Tech 80
info: 41 pressures 7 sacks 33 tackles 78.7 RDEF 75.6 PRSH.
pros: Solid size, at 6’5 280 he a big edge that can handle the edge.  Played well for GT, he was a physical player with a high motor. Good power for an edge, has a bull rush and strong hands. Could play interior and be a solid rusher from there. Freaky athlete at his size, is very strong and surprisingly athletic.
cons: Already 24 years old. A bit of a tweener, he’s not a good enough athlete to win on the edge. Wasn’t dominate even at 24 and 280, he has a bull but its not special. Not long enough to win on the edge with his long arm.
take: White is all potential at this point, he is raw in the pass game and only had one year of power 5 play. He is a physical freak at 280 with the strength to play interior and just enough to play edge. He isn’t a starter day 1 and needs a lot of work but he could end up being a very good DL.
