EDGE Will Anderson Alabama 91
info: Anderson was a 5-star recruit with offers to every major program coming out of Dutchtown HA in GA. He stepped onto campus ready to play earning a starting spot immediately and was a Freshman All-American. He put up 60 pressures with 8 sacks that year and graded out as a 79.1 as a true freshman in the SEC. He one upped himself his true sophomore year by leading the nation in pressures with 81 and 15 sacks grading out at an 89.9 and leading the Bama defense to the national championship game. He was a 1st team All-American and won the Bronko Nagurski Trophy for his outstanding season. He came back his junior year and picked up where he left off. He’s was a stud racking up 14 sacks and being named an All American again.
pros: Excellent run defender, packs a punch on initial impact. Powerful hands, can stun blockers and rip through like nothing. High level athlete, can get off the ball unbelievably well and can time up snaps well. High motor player, good ant working in stunts and cleaning up in the run game.
cons: His length is sub-par for a top level edge, he doesn’t stick out on the field just looking at him. Overall size isn’t what you would want at 6’4 243.
take: Anderson is a superb athlete with the strength and athleticism to dominate tackles with speed and power. He’s a great run defender as well so he can do it all, he even lined up a 3 tech in a bear front. If he was a tad longer he would be the first pick no doubt but he’s an amazing player that wont get out of the top 5.
EDGE Myles Murphy Clemson 87
info: Murphy was a 5 star recruit out of Marietta GA where he had offers from everywhere. After a dominated HS career he joined DJ and Bresee enrolling at Clemson to join the power house up and coming program. He showed out his freshman year getting 5 sacks and being named a freshman All American. He followed his amazing freshman season up with back to back All ACC selections and getting 15 sacks over those 2 years.
pros: The perfect edge build, an athletic 6’5 275. Graded 79 and above all 3 years of college, never even played average. 5 star recruit true junior, he has potential. Great burst off the line, can get up field in a hurry. Shows good bend, can rip and get to the edge with his athleticism. Has good power to his game, devastating long arm and can walk guys back with his length and strength.
cons: His grade dropped every year instead of showing improvement. ND LT ate his lunch, his hand fighting is under developed and will get beat by good technique every time. Can get beat when it's time to make the play because of lack of agility, needs to be a finisher.
take: Murphy is a lot like Walker from last year, he’s the prototypical edge player but is lacking development. Murphy has all the athletic traits you look for, the size, length, strength and athleticism to be a top DE in the league. He just needs to get in his bag and learn pass rush moves and the little things about playing DE and he will be an All Pro player.
EDGE Tyree Wilson Texas Tech 83
info: Wilson was a 3 star recruit out of Henderson TX where he was his districts defensive MVP. He initially chose Texas A&M where he played his freshman year before transferring to Texas Tech. He played well over the next 3 years developing into the teams best DL and capped his senior year off with 8 sacks and All American honors.
pros: Great size and length, at 6’6 280 with 35+ inch arms he is a great edge build. Steady improvement every year. Don’t try to block him with a TE, he will dominate him physically. Has a nice long arm and an inside swim.
cons: Never was a star pass rusher, maxing out at 8 sacks. Not a great athlete, not much explosion off the ball or natural power. Can’t win around the edge, the speed and bend isn’t there.
take: Wilson is an impressive looking edge defender that plays with good strength and effort. He’s missing the athleticism you look for in a edge defender, he wont threaten the edge on NFL tackles and will have to really lean on his length. He should be able to start immediately but his ceiling isn’t as high as you would like.
EDGE Nolan Smith Georgia 84
info: Smith was another 5 star recruit (Top 20 all time) coming out of IMG academy where he was recruited by everyone and went to the best defense in CFB Georgia. As a freshman he was a co winner of the Defensive newcomer of the year for Georgia after a 5 sack season. He didn’t play much in the 2020 season but came back in 2021 and graded at a 85 with 7 sacks during the national championship run for the Bulldogs. He came back his senior year to be a leader of that defense but he tore his pec 8 games
pros: Former 5 star recruit that played well in college, good potential. Majoring in Math, not just a typical football player. Amazing athlete, OL can’t keep up with his speed and agility. Swipes hands well and can bend the edge, easily wins to the outside. Surprising power and can explode into OL and drive them back.
cons: On the smaller side at 6’3 235, not the size of a typical edge. Between injuries and playing time he wasn’t an every down player. Not sure about him setting an edge in the run game, more of a disruptive gap shooter.
take: If smith had prototypical size he would be a top 5 pick. His top recruiting ranking was no joke, he’s a freak athletically, he’s got the speed, bend and agility to make plays in the backfield. He doesn’t have the strength and length a traditional edge has, but he can still pass rush at a high level. He has a shot to be an all pro type player if he can hold up to NFL physicality.
EDGE Lukas Van-Ness Iowa 81
info: 46 pressures 9 sacks 15 tackles 80.9 RDEF 74.3 PRSH.
pros: Solid size, 6’5 269, he looks the part. 33.9 win rate on true pass sets. Very good hands, placement in the run game is good and uses them in pass rush moves well. Has a solid bull rush in his game. Can rush from both the edge and interior. Great motor, a student of the game.
cons: Not a great athlete, wont blow by tackles with speed, has to win with a good move. For some unknown reason he never started, was just a heavily used sub.
take: Van Ness doesn’t have many weaknesses, you would like to see him be a better athlete and play more but that’s it. He’s a strong solid pass rusher that can overpower tackles and use his hands well in both the run and pass game. He’s got some serious potential considering he wasn’t a starter and played 2 years at Iowa so he may end up being the steal of the draft.
EDGE Isaiah Foskey Notre Dame 77
info: 33 pressures 12 sacks 26 tackles 67.8 RDEF 73.1 PRSH.
pros: Team captain for Notre Dame. Solid size at 6’5 262 and 33.75 inch arms. Good athlete, can get around the edge and bend to make a play. Solid hands, will swipe hands off him and try to re fit to get good leverage.
cons: Plays with poor balance, on the ground too often. Not a very powerful edge player, won’t bull many tackles and may get pushed in the run game.
take: Foskey has the makeup of a good edge rusher. He’s a 6’5 260 pound team captain with multiple 10 sack seasons. He’s missing the top level ability that is what you look for in high ceiling players, but he’s got good ability and should be an impact NFL player.
EDGE BJ Ojulari LSU 78
info: 49 pressures 9 sacks 35 tackles 70.9 RDEF 81.5 PRSH.
pros: Brother of Azeez who was a second-round pick for the Giants. True junior, will just turn 21 before the draft and already as near 2,000 SEC snaps. Wore number 18 at LSU representing a high character player. Great burst off the edge, he is a serious threat to beat tackles up the field. Quick and violent hands, can swim past a tackle easily. Very good athlete that plays with a high motor to chase down plays. Has nice counters to moves already and is relentless when he’s rushing. Has good rush technique, whether that be a dip and rip or an swim/spin.
cons: May not have the ideal size, he looks a little slim on tape, at 6’3 250 would like to be a tad bigger. Needs to win with speed but his bend isn’t at the elite level you would like to see. Power in the run game will be an issue especially early on.
take: Ojulari will open his career as a pass rush specialist. He’s a great athlete that already has the moves to get to the QB and the motor to chase down plays. He’s on the smaller side which will limit him on early/run downs but the pass rushing upside it there.
EDGE Felix Anudike-Uzomah Kansas St 76
info: 46 pressures 8 sacks 34 tackles 74.6 RDEF 73 PRSH.
pros: True junior, played at a very high level as a true sophomore. Has the size, speed and strength to play edge in the NFL. Has won around the edge and has won with power rushes.
cons: Didn’t improve or follow up on a great 2021 season. Not a great athlete, lacks the bust you would like to see out of an edge. Good tackles get their hands on him easily and the rep is over.
take: Anuike-Uzomah looks like an NFL edge, he would not be out of place on an NFL field. I struggle to see his upside though, better competition can shut down his pass rush and he’s lacking the top end traits. He could be a solid starter in the NFL but that is probably his ceiling.
EDGE Derick Hall Auburn 78
info: 47 pressures 8 sacks 43 tackles. 61 RDEF 82.2 PRSH.
pros: Great length, 6’3 252 with 34.5 inch arms. 3 straight years of 80+ PFF pass rush grades. The best long arm in the class, can do either hand and walk tackles back. Good motor and is always trying to get to the QB. Has a solid get off and can get to the edge because of it.
cons: Not much of a run defender, too many plays where he needs to be more physical and make a play. One trick pony, he has a long arm and that is it.
take: Hall is a powerful long edge defender that uses his strengths well. He has a lethal long arm move and can get off the block to finish the play on the QB. He’s only average in the run game though where he can lose the runner too easy and not make the play on them. He’s a sure fire NFL edge player, how good he can be is up to the continued development to set up his long arm even better.
EDGE Andre Carter Army 79
info: 23 pressures 4 sacks 30 tackles 72.2 RDEF 80.8 PRSH.
pros: Great build, 6’6 252 with 34 inch arms. Has a solid get off that threatens tackles vertically. Works hard to get around the edge and make a play on the QB, high motor. Nice counters already in his game without much coaching I’m assuming. Great overall athlete, can change direction, bend and accelerate at a top tier level.
cons: Played at army so wasn’t seeing great competition. Clearly still needs to be coached on the run game, needs to improve to be able to play against NFL comp. Plays high too often, he got away with it but needs to lower his pads.
take: Carter is an interesting prospect, he’s a physical freak that is still pretty raw even though he racked up over 10 sacks in 2021. He can move at an elite level for his size but the strength and level of competition can be concerning. With coaching and continued physical development Carter could be an All Pro edge player.
EDGE Zach Harrison Ohio St 78
info: 33 pressures 6 sacks 18 tackles 78.4 RDEF 85.2 PRSH.
pros: Great size at 6’6 272 as well as a 5 star recruit. Never graded poorly and had 3 straight 85+ PRSH grades. 91.1 PRSH grade on true pass sets with a 27.7 win rate. 35.75 inch arms, he’s freaky long. Strong in the run game, can keep tackles off him and set an edge.
cons: Tight hips and can’t bend an edge well. Not consistent firing off the ball, if he doesn’t jump the snap he’s a tad slow off the ball. Not much of a pass rush plan, he only uses power and a swim.
take: Harrison is made in a lab physically to play edge, the 6’6 270 pound defender. He has the strength, long arms and violent hands to be a starter in the league. He may not be quick enough or have enough bend to be a top tier edge but he certainly can start in the league.
EDGE Will Mcdonald Iowa St 77
info: 25 pressures 6 sacks 27 tackles 70.7 RDEF 84.1 PRSH. 
pros: Great length, at 6’3 he has 35 inch arms. 4 straight years of 6+ sacks, great production. Had a 13 sack year in 2021, he has the pass rush pedigree. Lead the nation in pass rush win rate in true pass set situations. Great athlete for the position, can explode off the line and change direction well.
cons:  A tad undersized at 6’3 240, ideally he would put on 10 more pounds. Not very strong, can get pushed around in the run game.
take: Mcdonald is a very good pass rusher that has the production to back that up. He’s a long armed and good athlete that can give tackles trouble in the pass game. He seems to be a pass rush only kind of player though, he has a slim build and never wows you with power.
EDGE Keion White Georgia Tech 76
info: 41 pressures 7 sacks 33 tackles 78.7 RDEF 75.6 PRSH.
pros:  Solid size, at 6’5 280 he a big edge that can handle the edge.  Played well for GT, he was a physical player with a high motor. Good power for an edge, has a bull rush and strong hands. Could play interior and be a solid rusher from there. Freaky athlete at his size, is very strong and surprisingly athletic.
cons:  Already 24 years old. A bit of a tweener, he’s not a good enough athlete to win on the edge. Wasn’t dominate even at 24 and 280, he has a bull but its not special. Not long enough to win on the edge with his long arm.
take:  White is all potential at this point, he is raw in the pass game and only had one year of power 5 play. He is a physical freak at 280 with the strength to play interior and just enough to play edge. He isn’t a starter day 1 and needs a lot of work but he could end up being a very good DL.
