LB Mikel Jones Syracuse 72
info: Jones was a surprise commit to Syracuse after attending IMG academy and earning a high 3 star recruit and getting offers from many top SEC schools. He immediately played as a true freshman getting 4 starts and 38 tackles. He started for the remainder of his career getting 4 INTs in 2020 and 70 tackles in 2021 along with an All ACC first team selection.
pros: Good in coverage, finds receivers in space well and reads designed screens well. Good patients and athleticism to close in fast.
cons: Not a big linebacker, weak side only.
take:
LB Trenton Simpson Clemson 79
info:  51 tackles 70.3 RDEF 72.1 TACK 66 PRSH 63.6 COV.
pros:  Dad was in the military so he has a great attitude. 5 star athlete that is a true junior. 6’3 235 and a great athlete, he is the prototypical LB. Moves very well on the field, makes quick movements and has the agility to bend and change direction. Top level testing numbers, as good an athlete you will get at LB. When he recognizes a play he bursts to it and can finish any play.
cons:  Didn’t live up to the 5 star and physical attributes. Didn’t play much true LB where he would fill gaps and play coverage from the box instead of way out in the slot. A lot of reps on the edge but he isn’t long enough or refined enough to play there. Can get toasted in man coverage, good routes beat him easily.
take:  Simpson has all the talent in the world and not reason he shouldn’t be the best player on the field. Unfortunately he has never played well in a traditional linebacker mold, he’s not great in coverage and he doesn’t read plays that well. He could be a solid starter for a team but in a Devin White or Patrick Queen role, don’t ask him to play LB, make him blitz and make plays that require a top level athlete. 
LB Noah Sewell Oregon 74
info: 40 tackles 62.4 RDEF 70 TACK 73.5 PRSH 72.6 COV.
pros: Brother of Penei, athleticism runs in the family. 6’2 250, he’s got great size for the position. Immediately graded as a 70 for PFF in his true freshman 2020 season. Great at taking on blocks, can stand his ground and shed them easily. Solid pass rusher, has some edge moves and is a powerful blitzer. Strong athlete that plays hard, the tools are there for him to play in the NFL.
cons: Didn’t improve in PFF grade from 2020, stayed stagnant. Not the quickest LB, change of direction and acceleration are not his selling points. Doesn’t seem to have great instincts, he wont anticipate many plays and make the top end plays elite LBs make.
take: Sewell isn’t going to be a top pick like his brother but he’s a solid football player. He’s young and has great size with solid athleticism which teams will covet. He’s not the top end LB now because he doesn’t see the game the same way top end LBs do but if he gets there he’s a future pro bowl player.
LB Drew Sanders Arkansas 77
info: 63 tackles 70.8 RDEF 57.2 TACK 75.3 PRSH 74.3 COV.
pros: 6’5 232, he’s a good MLB size. Former 5 star recruit that switched positions and graded as a 77.8 in his lone year starting in the SEC. Had 11 sacks as a LB can be a hybrid edge. Long rangy LB that can make plays sideline to sideline. Very good recognition and an aggressive LB that will blow up run plays.
cons: One year starter that couldn’t find the field at Alabama. Missed nearly 20% of his tackles in 2022. Not the best in coverage, still needs to learn route concepts so he can cover them. Not a very strong backer, a little slim so he can get moved in the run game.
take: Sanders is an interesting prospect, he has one year at off ball LB and he showed out. He’s a long fluid athlete that showed great effort and good recognition in the run game. He’s got the versatility to line up at edge as well making him a threat. If he learns more about playing off ball LB in coverage and adds some mass he can be special.
LB Jack Campbell Iowa 78
info: 83 tackles 85.6 RDEF 81.3 TACK 65.3 PRSH 92.9 COV.
pros: 2022 Butkus Award winner and an All American as well as a team captain. Made a massive jump in 2022 to become the nations top LB. Had back to back 80+ tackle seasons. Had a 92.9 coverage grade with 2 INTs, he’s a smart player that understands the game. 6’5 246, perfect MLB size. Good IQ, identifies run plays quickly to fill his gap and does a good job in the pass game finding receivers behind him. Good at meeting blockers in the hole and getting off the block to make a play.
cons: He lacks the aggressiveness in his game to make huge plays, doesn’t fly through the line to meet the RB in the backfield. Not a top end athlete, he is a little slow accelerating which hurts when he is guarding the slot.
take: Campbell is your prototypical MLB, with the great size and production you love to see at the college level. He’s missing the top end athleticism that will get you drafted in the first round but he is a good football player and should be an immediate starter.
LB Daiyan Henley Washington St 76
info: 74 tackles 68.7 RDEF 90.3 TACK 75.1 PRSH 68.6 COV
pros: Only missed 5 tackles in 2022. Originally was a WR so he has some real athleticism and ball skills, he had 4 INTs in 2021. Very good in man, good athlete that can cover TE’s easily. Willing to come up and hit OL and run through ball carriers. Shows the ability to slip right past blockers in the run and pass game to make plays in the backfield. Moves great for an inside LB, has great burst and good bend.
cons: 5th year senior with only one year at the FBS level. A little shoer for the position at just under 6’1, but he has decent length. Not a refined LB, can tell he’s not processing the game at the highest level yet, he’s more of an attack player.
take: Henley is an interesting prospect, he started at WR before putting some muscle on and moving the LB. He has great athleticism for the position and can immediately find a role in the NFL on pass downs for sure. If he continues to learn more and more about LB and become more instinctive he will be a great NFL LB.
LB Henry To’oto’o Alabama 75
info: 70 tackles 72.1 RDEF 59.8 TACK 61.4 PRSH 66.6 COV.
pros: Over 3000 career SEC snaps, he has seen a lot of high level football. Made a solid jump in play his final year at Bama. Fantastic football IQ, he knows what to do on every play and can anticipate plays coming. Good athlete that does a pretty good job in coverage. Can dip under OL and make plays behind the LoS.
cons: 3 career pass breakups, nearly no ball production in coverage. Never graded that well, highest was a 70 other than that he was in the 50’s. On the smaller side at under 230, he will have to bulk up a little bit more. Not the strongest, can get bullied by OL and big RBs. Sometimes can struggle locating the ball, he’s in a solid spot but cant figure out where to go from there.
take: To’oto’o is another very good Alabama LB that understands the game at a high level. He’s a solid athlete with so much experience that he wont be thrown off by the NFL game. He’s on the small side though and that shows up in his tape when he loses to guys with good power. He could become a solid starter but without the play strength it will be tough for him.
