OT Peter Skoronski Northwestern 89
info: Skoronski was a solid 4 star recruit coming out of Park Ridge IL and was heavily recruited by Notre Dame but committed to Northwestern as an interior OL. He followed in his grandfather’s footsteps though, he played OT for the Packers and is in the Green Bay Packers hall of fame so he started as a true freshman at LT. He immediately played well earning a true Freshman All-American spot and a 2nd team all big 10. His sophomore year he continued his domination and was named to the first team all big 10 while grading at 83.8 and only allowing 97.4% allowed pressure rate. In 2022 his final year he came back with one goal in mind, dominate. That’s exactly what he did, he gave up on 6 total pressures all year with a 99.2% allowed pressure rate which is the best in the nation. He was named 2nd team All American and was the best pass protector in college football.
pros: One of the best college pass protectors, only gave up 6 total pressures on 474 pass blocking snaps. Amazing in pass pro, everything about it is nearly perfect. Feet are great, always balanced and always keeps his feet moving in the run game. Great hands, the placement is nearly perfect every time and his hands in pass pro are awesome. Good at picking up stunts and blitzes, keeps his eyes up and understands defensive stunts.
cons: Not the longest limbed tackle, gets pushed away by longer edge players. Doesn't have that next level athleticism, pop in run game is average and not a great mover in space.
take: Skoronski is one of the best pass protectors to come out of college recently, he does it with great technique and solid athleticism and strength. He's reminds me a lot of his former teammate Rashawn Slater, a great OL that lacks the power and length to be a top 5 pick. He's a great offensive lineman though who could immediately step in and start for any team in the NFL.
OT Paris Johnson Ohio St 81
info: Johnson was the top OT in the class of 2020 along side Georgias Broderick Washington. Johnson stayed local going from his HS in Cincinnati to Ohio State where he served as a backup his entire freshman season. His Sophomore season he got the starting job and was very impressive as Ohio States RG grading out at a 79 PFF grade. He became the LT for the Buckeyes in his final season as he improved his grade to an 83.1 and only allowed 2 sacks and 12 Hurries.
pros: Always graded well for PFF never being below a 79. Improved every year while moving positions. True junior who was a 5 star recruit and the top of his class. Prototypical OT size at 6’6 315. Very good athlete, moves very fluid for a big man and can play in space. Good zone blocker, can reach guys very well with his athleticism.
cons: One year of starting at Tackle where he will be in the NFL. Technique needs work, likes to shoot hands wide and allow guys into his chest. Not a powerful lineman, not moving people in a gap scheme and his anchor is average. Plays off balance too often, feet stop too often and he is left lunging. Loses to the inside far too often, needs to play half the man better.
take: Johnson is a highly thought of prospect but he needs some serious work. He’s the type of player you draw up to play the position but he is lacking the technique and play strength as of now. He has the tools to be a top LT in the league but he’s a far way from it currently.
OT Broderick Jones Georgia 80
info: Jones was the 1b to Paris Johnsons 1a in the 2020 recruiting class. Similarly, to Johnson, Jones decided to stay local and go to his home state Georgia Bulldogs. He didn’t play much his freshman year but in the championship run in 2021 he got significant playing time getting 438 snaps. He came in to 2022 as the starting LT playing every game and only letting up 9 pressures on 470 pass blocks.
pros: True junior and a high 5 star recruit. Solid power and athleticism, has plays where he over powers LBs and runs to block in space. Wants to finish his blocks, has the dog in him to end the play with the defender on the ground. Reps where he wins the hand fighting game.
cons: 6’4 and not the longest tackle, routinely has issues with longer defenders getting in his pads. Stops his feet too often allowing a secondary rush to beat him. Off balance too often, lunges and loses leverage.
take: Jones is another talented 5 star recruit where you wish he could have played better. He needs to become more of a technician if he wants to win at the NFL level. If he learns how to play with more balance and keep defenders off his chest he can be a great tackle.
OT Dawand Jones Ohio St 82
info: 1,723 career snaps 85 RBLK grade 79.5 PBLK grade 5 pressures.
pros: 2 year starter where he graded above 82 both times. Massive tackle at 6’8 360, dwarfs many defenders he sees. 0 sacks and 5 pressure his senior year. Solid run blocking grades, 90 and 85. Great punch timing and placements. Has long arms to keep pass rushers away from him. Can move people in the run game with power.
cons: Slow feet that makes it harder for him to mirror speed rushers. Can get off balance because of his limited athleticism.
take: Jones is ready to step into tackle and play day 1, he’s got the frame that makes OL coaches happy. He’s super long and has solid strength, if he could just get quicker feet he would be an All Pro player at some point in his career.
OT Anton Harrison Oklahoma 83
info: 1,866 career snaps 72.6 RBLK 83.3 PBLK 9 pressure.
pros: True junior that played every year and started the last 2. Always graded well in pass pro in a pass heavy offense. Solid size and strength, 6’5 310. Very Smooth mover, looks very balanced as solid in pass pro. Great at mirroring DE’s always keeps a good relationship between him  the defender and the QB. Holds his own in the run game, gives great effort.
cons: Would like to see him gain some strength to really start moving people in the run game and anchor better. Played in a unique spread offense where the box was never loaded. Needs to clean up hand placement, still needs to develop that aspect.
take: Harrison is a young good pass protector that impressed all year. He has the issues that young tackles have, he needs more strength and to continue to work on technique but he has shown plenty of good play throughout his career.
OT Darnell Wright Tennessee 78
info: 2,746 career snaps 65 RBLK 80.2 PBLK 8 pressures.
pros: Started at both left and right tackle. Good size at 6’6 335. Pretty good hands, the placement is good and has a strong grip. Strong overall player, can move guys and anchor well in pass pro.
cons: Not an athlete, is very mediocre in space and has trouble working to the 2nd level. Waist bender, doesn’t move his feet well and leans on guys.
take: Wright is your classic big guy that can handle power but speed can get him. He’s not athletic enough to be one of the top tackles in the NFL but he can certainly start for a team.
OT Cody Mauch North Dakota St 77
info: 2,461 career snaps 90.1 RBLK 81.7 PBLK 9 pressures.
pros: My man looks like a lineman, 2 missing teeth and long hair. Graded very well for PFF, 90.8 overall grade in 2022 with only 9 pressures. Improved every year getting stronger and better. Got that dawg in him, wants to finish ever block with the defender on the ground. Some impressive run blocking reps that make you belive he has the power to play in the NFL.
cons: Definitely undersized, at just 303 pounds and short arms it will be tough to handle NFL power. 5th year player that already had to add so much size on his frame. Very sloppy feet in pass pro, the base gets way too narrow and his sets are not the best. Plays very high, need to sink his hips more to get better leverage.
take: Mauch is a solid athlete even after putting on so much weight in his college career. He’s a tenacious run blocker that has upside, but his technique and power are just huge question marks. He’s a solid developmental tackle to have, once he cleans up his technique he could be a starter.
OT Jaelyn Duncan Maryland 72
info: 2,631 career snaps 61.9 RBLK 67.6 PBLK 28 pressures.
pros: Solid tackle size at 6’6 320. Solid size, athleticism and strength combo. Solid hand usage, like to go outside in pass pro but he’s strong enough to do it.
cons: Never really dominated in his 5 years at Maryland. 3 worst games were by far the worst and against good competition. Some of the worst balance I’ve ever seen, constantly on the ground and lunging. Loves to hold, he was flagged over 10 times.
take: Duncan is 100% physical tools and almost no production currently. He’s not a total train wreck in the technique department but after 5 years with his ability you really want to see more than what he’s giving you. If he can figure it all out he could be a plus NFL starter.
OT Matthew Bergeron Syracuse 74
info: 2,539 career snaps 69 RBLK 80.9 PBLK 12 pressures.
pros: Improved over his 4 year career at Syracuse while getting a lot of experience. Has NFL size at 6’5 322. Solid in pass pro because he’s got solid size and decent athleticism. Good at picking up stunts and games from the DL.
cons: Loves to hold, a lot of missed holding calls on his tape. Inconsistent technique, oversets too much and doesn’t play with a strong posture leading him to lose balance. Not a mauler in the run game. Wasted motion with his punches, loads up hands and exposes his chest.
take: Bergeron has the size and movement skills you look for in an OT. Like most college OT’s there’s a lot he needs to work on technique wise but he’s a smart player that already has played solid. In a few years he could be a starting OT if he continues to develop.
OT Blake Freeland BYU 73
info: 2,690 career snaps 87.9 RBLK 90.7 PBLK 7 pressures.
pros: 91 PFF grade in 2022, he has consistently graded well in PFFs system. Good length, 6’8 with 35 inch arms can keep defenders away from him. Smooth pass protector, can mirror pretty well and get hands on defenders. Smart in pass pro, see’s stunts well and can pass them off.
cons: He’s slim at 6’8 305, he can get out leveraged and bull rushed. A little soft at times, he gets pushed and thrown around a little too much. Weird pass set with his feet, needs to be re worked.
take: Freeland will be interesting to see if he pans out in the NFL. His style worked for him at BYU but the power and length of the NFL may get to him. He has the length and pass blocking ability to give teams hope but he needs to continue to work on his feet and strength.
OT Tyler Steen Alabama 77
info: 3,057 snaps 64.7 RBLK 74.4 PBLK 23 pressures.
pros: 6’5 315 and played at Bama, has the makeup of a solid tackle prospect. Played a lot of SEC football and was solid as a freshman and from both RT and LT. Shows the ability to have perfect pass sets with very good hands. Good IQ recognizing blitzes and DL stunts.
cons: Revery speed isn’t the best, can get his feet tangled at times. Power is lacking, can get pushed back too easily and doesn’t create much movement in the run game.
take: Steen is probably one of the most NFL ready tackles in this class. He’s very experienced and it seems Bama’s coaching has paid off with him showing great reps in pass pro. He’s missing the high end physical traits to be a dominating tackle but he certainly can play at the next level.
OT Zion Nelson Miami 75
info: 2,452 snaps 65 RBLK 85.3 PBLK 15 pressures.
pros: Was the starting LT for Miami as a true freshman in 2019. Improved greatly from his freshman year becoming a formidable tackle by his true junior year. Had a solid pass blocking game against Jermaine Johnson in 2021. Moves at an elite level for a LT, he’s so smooth and fast in pass pro.
cons: 2022 season was negated by a knee injury. Needs to add strength, the anchor wasn’t enough in 2021. Needs to work on hand placement to avoid defenders getting to his chest.
take: Nelson would have been benefited from a big time senior year which he was on track for. He already flashed his potential by showing with great movement skills and ability to get the job done in pass pro. All he needs to do is work on the anchor of his in pass pro because if he can do that we are looking at a top tier pass protector.
OT Braeden Daniels Utah 72
info: 2,942 career snaps 65.6 RBLK 78.7 PBLK 15 pressures.
pros: Solid length, 33.5 inch arms and an 82.5 wing span. 2020/2021 88 and 89 PFF RBLK grades, graded well in 2021. Versatile, played LT LG and RT. He’s a good athlete that can mirror defenders and handle speed rushers. Good at keeping defenders away from him with his length.
cons: He’s very small at 6’4 297 he’s in the bottom 10% for weight. Took a step back in 2022 from an 84 to a 72 PFF grade when he moved to LT. Sloppy feet and inconsistent hands, will lower them and let guys in his chest and loses the hand fight a lot.
take: Daniels is a developmental tackle even though he has almost 3,000 career snaps. His feet need work as well as his sets and his hand fighting as well. The athlete is there though, he’s a solid lineman with good length he just needs coaching.
