QB Hendon Hooker Tennessee 76
info: Hooker was a 4 star recruit coming out of the DMV area with offers to nearly all the schools in area. He chose to go to the best of the schools Virginia Tech where he redshirted and then took over the staring spot a few weeks into his freshman season. He transferred to Tennessee in 2021 and took the starting spot from highly thought of QB Joe Milton and was great for the Vols. His 2021 season was fantastic and that continued into his senior year where he was in the Heisman running until his ACL non-contact injury week 12 against South Carolina. He finished his Tennessee career with 6,000 yard 58 TDs with only 5 INTs and a win over Alabama which was the first if the decade for the Vols.
pros: Doesn’t put the ball in harms way, under 2% Turnover worthy play rate in his final 2 years. Good mobility, can add to the run game as a QB as well as escape the pocket and get yards with his legs. Good quick release with good feet on almost all of his throws. Great short accuracy, screens and quick game throws are nearly perfect all the time. Put up the stats and wins in the SEC.
cons: 24 years old, one of the older prospects you will see. Doesn’t have the top-level arm talent where he can make off platform and deep throws down the sideline as well as a top level QB can. Would like to see more anticipatory throws, likes to see it open more than throw it open. Not the most precise passer when adding extra zip to the ball, can sail on him from time to time.
take: Hooker has the makeup of a top quarterback prospect, he’s a great decision make, a winner and has no big weaknesses to his game. The only issue with him as a prospect is his age and lack of trump card. He’s a good runner and has a solid NFL arm but he doesn’t have the wow plays to go at the top of the draft.
QB Will Levis Kentucky 87
info: Levis was an impressive recruit coming out of Xavier HS in Connecticut. He was the number 2 player coming out of Connecticut with a 4.0 GPA and offers to nearly every ACC and MAC school. He chose to go to the Big 10 and played for Penn State in 2018. He redshirted his first season and only got 2 starts over the next 2 years against Rutgers and Iowa. He decided to transfer because he didn’t want to sit behind Sean Clifford so he went to the SEC and chose Kentucky. He had a very good season both passing and rushing being one of Kentucky’s team captains. He put up 2,827 yards on a 66 completion percentage and 24 TDs 13 INTs along with 516 rushing yards. His Senior year was a bit of a disappointment, his stats dropped off a bit from his junior year but he went from a 90 to 68 PFF grade.
pros: Well built QB, 6’3 232 pounds, he clearly puts in the work in the weight room. Not a cookie cutter QB, has a funny personality behind him (see his bio and tik toks). Good runner, adds to the offenses run game. Has the NFL arm and accuracy, he’s not great but he’s NFL caliber. Can make some really nice throws on the run, good athlete that can play out of structure. Solid arm strength, ball comes off the hand easy and can launch it with little effort. Great at hitting a stationary target, can get screens out and run a quick hitting offense.
cons: Will be 24 by the time he starts a game in the NFL. Half of his production are just screen passes and designed sweeps by the offense. Inconsistent with finding open receivers over the middle, looks to the perimeter a lot and can get stuck on one player. Struggles with pressure, passing grade drops to 51 under pressure and 65 when blitzed (2021). Doesn’t make many of the wow throws down the field and over the top of defenses. When he leaves the pocket, he will leave to the wrong side or just not execute a scramble well. Not very accurate, throws it high to open receivers and doesn’t throw on platform.
take: Levis has everything physically you are looking for in an NFL QB, he’s 6’3 230 of very good weight and has the arm to play in the NFL. He is a good runner who can make the throws need from him, but he’s not a fully developed QB by any means. He was protected a little by the Kentucky offense and needs to be more consistent with his ball placement and decision making.
QB Anthony Richardson Florida 90
info: Richardson was a 4 star recruit out of Gainesville FL and decided to commit to his hometown Gators.  After Penn State and Georgia offered him he opened his recruitment back up but stayed with Florida. He barely played his true freshman year behind Trask and Emory Jones but by his second year he got some reps after Jones disappointed. He came into the 2022 season as the starter for the Gators where he flashed while throwing for 2,500 yards and 17 TDs with 9 INTs while only throwing for 53%.
pros: Doesn’t take many sacks, under a 9.2 pressure to sack rate. Has elite arm strength and can put serious velocity on a ball when needed. Has arm talent to make off platform throws down the field. Has great size and athleticism for the Position, at 6’4 240 and the running skills to be a low-end RB he is a playmaker at QB. Moves around the pocket and avoids defenders very well.
cons: Takes forever to throw the ball, 3.18 average time to throw. Only completed 53% of his passes. Has some funky mechanics when throwing, his feet need a lot of work to settle down and be on platform. Not accurate now, has issues putting the ball where he wants it and it needs to be. Not helped by the garbage gators offense but never made great reads and focused more on the one target he had in mind. Not great in a west coast scheme, he’s not a game manager that will execute an offense well now.
take: Richardson is the closest thing to Josh Allen in a while and if he succeeds it will be a similar path. He has serious accuracy concerns which can be attributed to bad technique that is fixable, if he puts the work in he has the ability to be the next great QB in the NFL.
QB Bryce Young Alabama 94
info: Young was a top 25 recruit of all time coming out of the power house HS Mater Dei where he lit up the competition leading to an offer from nearly ever power 5 team. Young Committed to Bama where he served as the backup to Mac Jones. After Mac left and was drafted in the first round Young picked up where he left off and dominated leading the Crimson Tide to an SEC championship vs the wildly talented Georgia team. He was awarded the Heisman trophy for the dominating season where he threw for 4,860 yards and 47 TDs and 7 INTs.
pros: Has the pedigree of a top level player, 5 star QB of Alabama and exceeded expectations for him. Keeps the ball out of harms way, only 2% TWP rate and 12 INTs in 931 attempts as well as 1 TWP when not pressured. Nothing looks much better than when he throws it on time and in rhythm, it’s poetry in motion. Has incredible arm talent, can make accurate throws on the run using not technique. Can throw at many different arm angles to get around defenders. Has enough athleticism to make plays on the run. Short quick release that is dangerous in the quick game. Many full field reads on his tape where he finds the 3rd receiver open. Moves well in the pocket, slips away from the defenders and finds open spaces in the pocket. He’s him, when he has the ball late and you need a score he gets it. Solid accuracy everywhere on the field.
cons: He’s very small, 5’10 sub 200 would make him a one of a kind QB at that size. Drifts way too much in the pocket, too many plays where he scrambles backwards that wont end well in the NFL. Would love to see more plays that he sets his feet and delivers a good ball with a follow through, too many just arm throws. Under pressure he never makes a good strong throw where he takes the contact and throws it normal. Doesn’t have a cannon that you want out of a top pick, not truly impressive arm strength.
take: Young is like Zach Wilson if Wilson had the pedigree and makeup of a top pick. Young has great arm talent and the intangibles that you look for in franchise QB. Sometimes you draft a guy for talent other times you draft him because he plays at a higher level than every one else, that’s exactly why you draft Young. He can be a franchise guy and lead a team to wins nearly all by himself.
QB CJ Stroud Ohio St 88
info: Stroud was a solid recruit coming out of Rancho Cucamonga CA where he was getting some looks before the Elite 11. After dominating at the Elite 11 his stock skyrocketed up to a high 4 star recruit and committed to Ohio State to back up 1st round pick Justin Fields. He didn't play in 2020 but in 2021 and 2022 he lead the Buckeyes to the CFP as well as being named a Heisman trophy finalist. In the OSU offense he put up amazing stats throwing to 1st round picks everywhere. Over the 2 years he threw for 7,760 yards 81 TDs and 12 INTs with a 92.2 and 84.1 PFF grade.
pros: Picked apart the middle of the field all year. Has the speed to be a running threat although he doesn’t use it. People around him say he has impressive character and is a great guy. Can really push the ball down the field, strong arm and good technique. Great down the field accuracy, puts the ball in very good spots. Works at a very high level in the pocket, looks like teaching tape on how to play QB.
cons: The Ohio State offense really helped out, open 1st round pick receivers everywhere. Awful under pressure, had a 34 PFF grade which is a massive drop from normal. Non rushing threat, he has broken one tackle in his entire career. Almost nothing to like out of structure, never makes a great play like that.
take: Stroud is very very reminiscent of the OSU QBs of the past. He looks great because all the open receivers and talented receivers. There’s no out of structure plays to fall back on but him in the pocket operating the OSU offense looks fantastic. He’s got the size, arm strength and production to be a great NFL QB but we need to see if it will translate.
QB Max Duggan TCU 68
info: Duggan was the Gatorade player of the year in Iowa and was the top QB in the state of Iowa in 2018. He had interest from a lot of big time programs like ND and OSU but chose to go to up and coming TCU to lead the horned frogs to new heights. He did just that, he has always battled through injuries but started all 4 years of his career and always played solid football. He improved his grade from a 67 to 79 to 76 all the way to 85.6 as a senior. That final year he lead TCU to its first College football playoff and was named a Heisman Finalist for his efforts. He threw for 3,320 yards 30 TDs and 4 INTs along with over 500 yards rushing.
pros: Very willing runner, not scared of contact or to make a play. He’s got grit, went through a lot of medical problems but still kept pushing through. Decent arm/size combination, he wont look out of place on an NFL field. Can throw well from multiple arm angles and is a playmaker.
cons: Wasn’t the week 1 starter, never was the guy coming into the season. Not as accurate as you would like, misses too many open throws. A lot of big 12 plays where he has a lot of time and cant find open receivers early. Doesn’t trust his arm enough, multiple NFL open throws he passes up.
take: Duggan is a great college QB that you cant help but root for. He’s got the grit you look for and can will a team to victory if needed. He’s not very accurate though and his physical ability isn’t much to fall back on if you want him to be a franchise guy. He can stick around the NFL a while as a high end back up, he’s a version of Taylor Heinike.
QB Tanner Mckee Stanford 79
info: Mckee was a 4 star recruit coming out of Centennial CA but before enrolling at Stanford he took a 2 year LDS mission in Brazil. He didn't play over Davis Mills in 2020 but he got the stating spot in 2021 and played solid with a 69 PFF grade and 2,325 yards and 15 TDs with 7 INTs.  His 2022 was similar but he did improve his grade to a 75 with 3,000 yards and 13 TDs and 8 INTs as well as being a team captain.
pros: Keeps the ball out of harms way well, only a 1.5% TWP. Good height, 6’6 can easily see over the line. Makes some great NFL throws with touch down the sideline. Solid arm strength and accuracy, probably would dominate at OSU. Had to deal with a terrible team around him, played well for circumstances.
cons: Production was meh, under 3000 yards and only 13 TDs. Takes a lot of sacks, a little uncoordinated looking. Long release, takes a little to long for the ball to come out of the hand. Plays with a narrow base a lot, he needs to be able to quickly release the ball with all the sacks he takes. Doesn’t extend plays well and make them by himself.
take: Mckee is an intriguing prospect, he is a big strong armed accurate QB with good arm strength. He’s a little like Daniel Jones which isn’t the prototype QB you look for anymore.
QB Malik Cunningham Louisville 70
info: Cunningham was a 3 star recruit coming out of Park Crossing HS in Alabama where he drew intrest from a few top SEC teams befor deciding to go with Louisville. He redshirted in 2017 before getting 3 starts his red shirt freshman season in 2018 where he ran for more yards than he threw. He was the full time starter from 2019 on where he always put up some impressive numbers. between 2019 and 2021 he threw for 7,600 yards and 61 TDs and also added 2,500 rush yards as well. That 2021 season was truly impressive, he received a 91 PFF grade and passed for about 3000 yards and over 1000 rush yards. 2022 was supposed to be the year where he put himself in the top of the draft conversation but he fell short of that oly throwing for 1,567 yards and 8 TDs and 5 INTs.
pros: Running back like skills at the QB spot, on 108 attempts in 2021 he forced 51 missed tackles. Good at throwing on the run, pretty good when he escapes the pocket. Good base and throwing motion, does a good job in the pocket with his technique. Very shifty, can make LBs miss in space easily.
cons: Arm strength is mediocre, not going to look good on an NFL field. Pocket presence is not good, a lot of drifting and trying to create with his legs. Doesn't throw into windows well, not sure he trusts his arm.
take: Cunningham is a very good athlete and has put up a great season in college. But, he's a little inconsistent threw the air and doesn't have the arm to be a high end starter.
QB Tyson Bagent Shepherd 67
info: Played at a D2 school.
pros: Was good for a D2 QB, he won the D2 version of the Heisman. Has some solid escapability, has the quickness to move in the pocket well. Decent arm, can make NFL type throws.
cons: Not NFL ready right now, passes up a bunch of NFL open throws for check downs. Won’t be able to get away with the throws he makes on the move in the NFL. He’s not overly accurate, the precision isn’t there on his passes.
take: Bagent is a big time project, not many D2 guys even get a chance at the NFL. He has some ability but it will be an uphill climb for him to make a roster.
QB Jaren Hall BYU 73
info: 3,162 yards 31 TD 6 INT 65.7% 82.4 PASS 72 RUN.
pros: 89 and 86 PFF grade in his 2 years starting at BYU. 52 TDs to 11 INTs in his career. Decent arm talent, can make throws on the run and has NFL arm strength. Good athlete, can get to the perimeter and escape trouble. Has some real high-level reps on his tape where he throws with the anticipation and velocity needed. Knows how to throw receivers open on the sideline with a back shoulder. Looks good in rhythm, has a solid base to him and quick feet to set and fire to his target.
cons: He will be 25 when he gets into the NFL, he took a mission trip before playing at BYU. Not the ideal size at 6’1 205, he’s on the small side. Doesn’t have the zip on the ball you would want from a project QB. Doesn’t step in his throws with pressure, scared of getting hit. Too many head scratching plays where he is just either way off accuracy wise or decision making. Get lazy sometime and drifts when he throws causing inaccurate passes.
take: Hall is a solid project QB a team should take a chance on. He’s already 25 but he’s got the arm talent and athleticism that is a hard to find together. He has moments where he looks like he could be in the top of the class so if he can be more consistent a team may find a late round gem.
QB Stetson Bennett Georgia 74
info: 4,132 yards 27 TD 7 INT 68.1% 88.9 PASS 66.1 RUSH.
pros: Not a stranger to a big game, he won back to back national championship games. Improved every year and ended up with a 90 PFF grade in 2022. Has solid movement skills, can extend plays and find open receivers on the move. Good accuracy, can put the ball where it needs to be to protect receivers or throw them open. Doesn’t make many bad decisions, careful with the ball. Under rated tough runner, can be effective running. Throws the ball with good touch, can layer the ball in.
cons: Peaked in college, won 2 national championships and no way his luck continues. A small QB at 5’11 190 and he already is 25. Needs to throw from a better base more consistently, can slip or fade too much. The arm is only ok, he doesn’t have the power behind it of a top QB. It was easy a lot at Georgia with that much talent.
take: Bennett is going to be underrated his entire life, after being a walk on at Georgia and fighting for his spot he lead the Bulldogs to 2 national championships. He’s a good athlete with an average arm that just seems to make plays whenever is needed. He showed in 2022 he can make good decisions and deliver the ball with good timing and accuracy. He wont go in the top of the draft because physically he has no calling card but don’t be surprised if he comes in the league gets an opportunity and plays well as a starter.
QB Jake Haener Fresno St 69
info: 2,900 yards 20 TD 3 INT 71.3% 86.2 PASS 70.2 RUN.
pros: Completed over 70 percent of his passes in 2022. Improved every year getting to an 87.9 PFF grade. Was very good in the senior bowl. Nice accuracy down the field especially on crossers. Good intangibles, coaches liked him and he’s tough.
cons: 6 foot 208, he’s not a big QB. 5th year senior that will be 24 and played at Fresno. Toesy when he throws, needs to work on that. Really bad under pressure throwing short routes, looks like he short arms it. Arm is middling for the NFL, not impressive velocity. Not much of an athlete, not going to add any thing in the run game.
take: Haener has backup written all over him, the physical ability is just not what you look for. He is accurate and smart though; he can run an offense as shown by the senior bowl. I can’t see him ever become a starter but a high end backup can be valuable.
QB Aidan O’Connell Purdue 69
info: 3,483 yards 22 TD 13 INT 63.7% 67.4 PASS 52 RUN.
pros: Solid size, 6’3 212. Had an incredible 2021, 90.0 PFF pass grade with a 7.8% BTT. Has decent zip on the ball, can fire it in to tight windows if needed.
cons: Dropped off in 2022, regressed back to pre 2021. His feet don’t set up to the target too much causing inaccurate passes. Makes some awful turnovers that are as bad as they get. Not much of an athlete, more like the statue QB of past.
take: O’Connell showed in 2021 that he could be an NFL starter with an unbelievable amount of big time throws. He is a solid build that has an NFL arm to go along with it. He did struggle with turnovers and bad accuracy at times which may limit his to be a career backup.
QB Dorian Thompson-Robinson UCLA 71
info: 3,159 yards 27 TD 10 INT 69.3% 68.6 PASS 73.7 RUN.
pros: Has over 10,000 career pass yards, has been playing for a while. Very good athlete, he can add to the run game. Good throwing on the run and off platform, he can make accurate throws with no base. Great pocket movement, very quick.
cons: 5th year senior that is 6’1 191. Longish inefficient release. Puts the ball in harms way too many times, doesn’t respect safeties range.
take: Thompson-Robinson is a very experienced QB with some eye opening tools. He has a solid arm to pair with great athleticism. He’s on the smaller side and struggled with decision making which is not a good combo, but he could be a very good backup.
QB Clayton Tune Houston 68
info: 4,065 yards 40 TD 10 INT 67.1% 91.3 PASS 72.9 RUN.
pros: Decent size at 6’2 216. Back-to-back 91 PFF grades with a career 11,973 passing yards. Production is there, he played well in the AAC and lead Houston to a lot of wins. Has the ability to move in the pocket and get out of sacks.
cons: Played at Houston, not the highest level competition and he had a star receiver in Tank Dell. Doesn’t have that strong of an arm, really has to put a lot behind a pass to get zip.
take: Tune had a great college career with many highlights in the 5 years. He just lacks the NFL ability, his arm is ok and so is his athleticism. He may be able to compete for a backup spot but being a starter is a reach.
