RB Bijan Robinson Texas 84
info: Robinson was a HS All American where he won the Ed Doherty award (Top Arizona HS player) two years in a row. He had 114 TDs in high school which is a state record and those accolades lead to a high 5 star label with offers from many top programs. He chose Texas over all of them and immediately made an impact running for 700 yards with 8.1 YPC. His second year he took over the full time starting spot and ran for 1,127 yards with a 91.1 PFF run grade and 79 MTF. If that wasn't good enough he came back better than ever, He ran 1,575 yards 18 TDs with 4.17 yards after contact and 1004 MTF. All of that lead to a 96 run grade and a Doak walker award.
pros: Unreal short area quickness, could actually make a defender miss in a phone booth. Very good athlete, can run away in the open field and hit home runs. Good size and strength, can muscle his way through a defender when he needs to and always go forward. Great contact balance, very strong lower half that allows him to eat contact and keep going. Has great instincts when he has the ball, knows where defenders are and the best way to make them miss. Solid hands, shown the ability to make non trivial catches.
cons: Doesn’t have the best vision for and ability to set defenders up to be blocked. Only ok in pass pro, nothing special. Dances a little too much that can cause 4 yard gains to be 0.
take: Robinson is one of the most talented backs ever to enter the draft. There aren’t many flaws in his game, if anything he needs to learn how to slow down and be more decisive. He will immediately become a teams star RB and play very well from day 1 in the NFL
RB Roschon Johnson Texas 77
info: 94 carries 545 yards and 5 TDs
pros: 4 star dual threat QB recruit, made the switch and was immediately a natural runner. Only one fumble in his career and never had a rush grade below 82. PFF had him as the most elusive back in NCAA. Not a fun guy to tackle, caused 46 missed tackles on 94 attempts. Powerful runner, at 6’2 220 he runs through defenders and has a lethal stiff arm. Has more shake in his game then expected, a few hurdles and noce jump cuts on his tape.
cons: Not much of a receiver, 5 drops and 56 reception in his career. Never ran for over 650 yards, he was never the starter. Not a top end athlete that will accelerate out of his cuts like the best do. Missing the top end speed to hit the home runs in space.
take: Johnson has been 2nd fiddle his entire career which is absurd because he may be the 2nd best RB in this class. If it wasn’t for a once in a decade talent like Robinson he would have been the talk of college football. The 6’2 220 pounder has all the makings of a star RB and should be coveted highly in the draft.
RB Zach Charbonnet UCLA 77
info: Charbonnet was a top 50 recruit coming out of Oaks Christian in Westlake Village CA. He committed to Michigan where he flashed before leaving when Blake Corum came into town with Hassan Haskins. He transferred to UCLA where he was their number one back and ran for over 1000 yards back to back years and 90 PFF grades. He finished his career as a first team all Big 12 RB and a top RB in the nation.
pros: Breaks tackles at a high level forcing 121 missed tackles in his 2 years as a starter. Prototypical back, he's 6'1 220 and is a good athlete that can play on all 3 downs. 2 fumbles in 566 career attempts. Production is outstanding, in 2021 he ran for 1,358 Yards 7.0 YPC and 14 TDs. Surprising wiggle for a big back like himself, can shake DBs in the open field. He has a good feel for breaking tackles in every way. Strong at the point of contact, willing to get north south for the extra yardage. Solid in pass pro, can get hands on and stun defenders.
cons: Had to transfer to the PAC-12 to become a star. Not fluid out of the backfield, doesn’t scare any defense. Doesn’t have the athleticism that you look for in a top back.
take: Charbonnet is the prototypical work horse back, he doesn’t need to come off the field because he does it all. He’s a big back that can play on 3rd down, make the right reads and break tackles. The only thing he’s missing is the next level athleticism.
RB Jahmyr Gibbs Alabama 77
info: Gibbs was a 3 star coming out of Dalton GA initially before leading the state in rushing with 2,554 rushing yards an 40 TDs as a senior. He got bumped up to a 4 start and got offers from the SEC power houses but stayed commited to Georgia Tech. For some reason he was a rotation piece for GT in his first 2 years rushing for a combined 1,200 yards and 8 TDS before transfering to Bama where he was their lead back.  He iwas an impact player for Bama and ran for over 920 yards and 7 TDs as a true junior with 0 fumbles to go with it.
pros: Home run hitter at RB, with a 6.2 YPC and 52.5% of his yards coming on break away runs he is dangerous to take any carry to the house.  He's a solid receiver, with an 82.3 receiving grade and only 2 career drops he can be dangerous out of the backfield. Runs crisp routes, is a problem when he has an option route against a LB. Elite athlete at RB, great speed to go along with being twitchy. Breaks 1 on 1 open field tackles easily.
cons: Struggled in pass pro at bama receiving a 24 PFF grade in 2022. Doesn’t have the best running style, a lot of big plays or a short gain. Isn’t patient and not decisive, he doesn’t set up blockers well and hit holes with conviction. Likes to bounce to the outside too often.
take: null
RB Tank Bigsby Auburn 76
info: Bigsby has never flown under the radar, as a high 4 star recruit, he had offers from everywhere including his first offer from Bama as a Sophomore. He went to school in LaGrange GA where he rushed for over 2,200 yards but didn't go to his hometown Georgia Bulldogs, he committed to Auburn where he immediately saw the field. He rushed for 834 yards and was named the SEC Freshman of the year. He came back as the full-time starter in 2021 where he got 224 carries and rushed for 1,100 yards and 10 TDs. His final year in 2022 was by far the most impressive he ran for 976 yards but a whopping 700 of them came after contact. He forced 60 missed tackles and averaged 4.16 yards after contact.
pros: Stepped up as a junior, forcing 60 missed tackles and had 740 yards after contact he was Auburns rushing attack. All around back that has good speed the ability to change directions well and enough power to fall forward. Has breakaway speed once he’s in the open field he can keep his distance from defenders. Solid contact balance, arm tackles look like they don’t affect him. Shown every year that he can run in the SEC at a high level.
cons: Fumbled 4 times in 2021, he cleaned it up in 2022 but still concerning. Not much receiving experience out of the backfield. Not the best back at setting up defenders to be blocked or taken out of the play. Not elite at any one thing, doesn’t have the elite speed/quickness or strength. Runs high which loses him a lot of power.
take: Bigsby is a very good running back with the track record to prove it. He has all the tools to be a good RB in the NFL he’s just lacking a selling point to get a team really excited. If he can develop his receiving/blocking into a strength he will be a great all around 3 down back.
RB Dewayne Mcbride UAB 76
info: Mcbride was a low 3 star recruit out of Starke FL and had very little interest so he went to UAB. He was a playmaker his true freshman year averaging 0.3 yards per carry on 47 attempts which lead him to be the starter in 2021. He ran for 1,366 and 13 TDs and had 78 forced missed tackles. 2022 blew that out of the water when he ran 1,702 yards 19 TDs and had a 94.1 PFF grade. He was named conference USA player of the year and solidified himself as one of the best backs in college football.
pros: Never had below a 90 PFF run grade in his 3 years. Had a career 7.2 YPC with 4.93 yards after contact and 175 forced missed tackles. Well built back with solid athleticism, he’s 5-11 215 and is a pretty good athlete that will meet all the thresholds. Amazing contact balance, spins out of sure tackles and keeps the feet moving at all times. Very strong, can squat 550 and bench 385.
cons: Fumbling could be an issue, 9 fumbles on 484 carries. Did all his work against a lower level of competition, probably wont be as successful at breaking tackles against higher level competition. Not a twitched up runner, wont shake anyone or accelerate that well.
take: Mcbride was incredible against UAB’s competition, he is a very strong back that can break tackles and do everything else pretty well. He’s not the best athlete at the position though, the speed acceleration and agility are all ok but isn’t something to get excited about. It is very easy to project Mcbride to be a starting RB at the next level given his ability to run between the tackles and make people miss.
RB Zach Evans Ole Miss 75
info: Evans was an absolute star coming out of North Shore in TX where he and Bijan were RBs 1 and 2 coming out of HS. He led his team to back to back 6A division 1 state championships while rushing for over 10 YPC. As a sophomore in HS the offers started to roll in, he got an offer from LSU and many other schools before ultimately deciding to go to TCU. He was a big play waiting to happen at TCU, he wasn't the starter but he was averaging over 7 YPC and forcing missed tackles left and right. He transferred to Ole Miss and became their starter along side Quinshon Judkins and had a solid season with 930 yards 6.5YPC and 9 TDs.
pros: Talented back that was always highly thought of, even when he was at TCU everyone knew he was an RB1 talent. Great speed and power combo, will run you over and then past pursuing defenders. Runs low to the ground, great leverage when driving forward in piles. Loves getting north and south, isn’t afraid to hit the crease and grind for extra yards. Very strong lower half, easily slips arm tackles as well and run through people.
cons: Too many times the ball is on the ground, he dropped 5 out of 30 balls and fumbles 3 times in 2021. Was not a good pass protector grading at a 29.6 PFF grade. Never was the lead back, always sharing the roll and never being the guy. Never did much outside of run it, not many receiving opportunities or pass pro.
take: Evans is a no nonsense RB, usually you think of bigger backs like that but at 6 foot 215 he packs a punch and will run through you. He’s an Zeke Elliot type runner but a big unknown of his game is the pass pro and receiving ability.
RB Kenny Mcintosh Georgia 75
info: 2022 stats: 151 carries 824 yards 10 TDs.
pros: 45 missed tackles forced on 151 carries. Very good out of the backfield, 92 and 86 PFF Rec grades in 2021 and 2022 with a career 75 receptions for 865 yards. Amazing hands, can track and pluck a ball out of the air down the field and also can run nice routes. Runs with good pad level even though he’s on the taller side. Pretty elusive, can run through contact and has a good feel for side stepping tackles.
cons: Never was the work horse back, always being the second guy or sharing the backfield. He doesn’t have the juice that you want in an RB, he isn’t great at accelerating or changing direction.
take: Mcintosh’s calling card is his receiving ability, he clearly has the talent to be a solid NFL RB but his work out of the backfield is what he’s special at. He’s lacking the short area quickness that you want to see in an RB but he does everything else at a high level.
RB Kendre Miller TCU 75
info: 224 carries 1,399 yards 17 TDs.
pros: Young prospect as a true junior, will be 20 when drafted. Ran for 1,400 yards and an 88.5 PFF grade in 2022. Solid size at 6’0 220. 70 missed tackles forced in 2022. He’s a jack of all trades, he can run past slower defenders and lower the shoulder to get extra yards. Good contact balance and has a good feel for making guys miss. Sets up blockers well with good patients and sees the blocks develop well before making his cut.
cons: Not much of a 3rd down back, low pass block grades and 16 receptions in 2022. One year of being the teams lead back and 6 fumbles in 361 attempts. Isn’t a top end athlete and doesn’t have overwhelming power. Can be a little indecisive at times, can get caught waiting for an opening rather than taking what he can get.
take: Miller was a key piece of TCU’s run to the national championship. He was a great runner for them with the size and ability to break big TD runs and get the extra yards when needed. He’s not the most explosive back but he’s already so good at such a young age he should be a contributing to an NFL team now and for many years.
RB Eric Gray Oklahoma 74
info: 212 carries 1,374 yards and 11 TDs.
pros: Rushing grade of 92.4 as a senior. Very elusive runner, good contact balance for size and bounces off DB’s. Can cut on a dime and completely throw off defenders angles. Has the speed and quickness to kill people in open space.
cons: Not a good pass blocker, struggled all 4 years. Didn’t run against many loaded boxes, Oklahoma’s offense was very spread out. Not a strong runner, won’t be running through many tackles. One year of being the starter and was 23 by the time he broke out.
take: Gray has some great highlights where he can make defenders look silly. He’s got great athleticism and moves very well in space. He’s not the most physically imposing back so he won’t be great all 3 downs but he can make plays in space that’s for sure.
RB Mohamed Ibrahim Minnesota 74
info: Ibrahim was a 3 star recruit coming out of Baltimore MD where he had a good career before committing to Minnesota. He redshirted in 2017 and in 2018 became the Minnesota Gophers 2nd leading rusher for a freshman behind Darrell Thompson. in 2019 for some reason he got less carries before having another 1000 yard season in 2020. He came back in 2021 ready to go absolutely gashing Ohio state for 160 and 2 TDs in 3 Quarters before going out for the season with an ankle injury. That led him to come back and only break Minnesota’s all time rushing record in his last bowl game against Syracuse.
pros: Production is great, 3 1,000 yard seasons and was consistent around 5.4 YPC. Over 2,200 yards after contact with 70 forced missed tackles. He’s a Damion Pierce light, absolute menace with the ball and not very fun to tackle. Strong back, easily runs secondary defenders over and pushes piles in short yards. Great contact balance, not an easy guy to bring down. Pretty good vision, will make you be gap discipline.
cons: Almost never was used in the pass game, 21 career receptions in 5 years. Older RB prospect, 5th year coming out. He is very slow changing direction and doesn’t have good speed.
take: Ibrahim is a great 2 down runner and would have been perfect in 1990. The game favors faster more explosive players now but that doesn’t mean theres no role for a throw back strong physical RB like him. He can be a great thunder to another backs lighting.
RB Devon Achane Texas A&M 74
info: Achane was a top 4 star RB coming out of Missouri City TX and somehow chose Texas A&M over the power house of Syracuse. He immediatley got playing time in 2020 where he got 43 carries for 364 yards and a 91 PFF grade. By his junior year he became there top RB and ran the ball 196 times for 1,100 yards and 8 TDs with an 89.8 run grade.
pros: 3 straight 89.8+ PFF rush grades with a total of 2,349 yards at 6.4 YPC. Forced 51 missed tackes with 705 of his 1,100 yards after contact. Could be an explosive change of pace back, he was amazing when he was used sparingly rather then the work horse. Produced with terrible blocking in front of him, not may opportunities for him to get free yards. Great cuts, can stop and start on a dime. Stronger contact balance that you would assume for a 180 pound back. Uses a stiff arm pretty well, can surprise defenders with a quick stiff arm. He has angle breaking speed, can get to the edge of the defense with ease. Good vision on zone concepts, rarely hits the wrong hole and makes the most of what he has.
cons: A terrible pass protector, 27.2 pass block grade with a 10% pressure rate. Small back at 180 who struggles to run up the middle, 3.7 YPC there. Not as effective when he has to carry the bulk of the work in the backfield, efficiency numbers significantly dropped in his lone year as the guy. Don’t love him in a man scheme, a little to bounce happy there.
take: Teams always are looking for a “home run hitter” at RB and that’s exactly what Achane is. He’s such a good athlete he makes defenders look silly, his jump cuts and speed leave defenders in the dust and is dangerous every time he has the ball. He has the ability to be a work horse but he’s most effective as a change of pace back that will take advantage of a tired defense.
RB Sean Tucker Syracuse 73
info: Tucker was one of the top RBs coming out of Owings Mills MD where he was also a track star winning the 100 and 200 m as a junior. He got looks from a few schools like Wisconsin and Syracuse and chose to stay closer to home and commit the Orange. His opportunity came early while many opt outs and injuries caused him to be bumped up the depth chart. He ran for 626 yards that true freshman year and put his name in the spotlight of potential NFL RBs. He solidified that thought by playing great in 2021, he ran for 1,515 with 6.1 YPC and 12 TDs while breaking 66 missed tackles and 4.11 YPC after contact. He was an All American after that year and was on the Doak Walker award radar heading in to 2022. It was a little disappointing of a 2022 season but he still played well, accounting for much of Syracuse’s total yards he ran for 1062 yards with 11 TDs but only averaged 2.79 Yards after contact.
pros: Well-built RB with good speed, 5'10 210 and has plenty of breakaway runs, once he gets into space he’s gone. Produced on a Syracuse team that didn't have much talent, the OL was awful. Has good power to run up the middle and grind for yards. Flashes some good body control on receptions out of the backfield. Good in the open field, a nice side step to go along with his great speed.
cons: Not the best out of the backfield, 13.7 drop percentage for his career. Doesn’t have the short area quickness to make a guy miss in a phone booth and accelerate through a hole. Likes to bounce to the outside a lot, granted his OL did no favors.
take: Tucker was the best skill player from Syracuse in years, his OL did him no favors but he flashed his extreme talent anyway. He’s a solid size to go along with great long speed which teams are going to like. He will never be a top guy in the NFL (he’s not breaking tackles left and right) but he can definitely be a good RB for many years.
RB Israel Abanikanda Pitt 73
info: 241 carries 1,426 yards 20 TDs.
pros: Young prospect, only 20 years old. Had an amazing senior season, ran for 1,400 yards and 20 TDs with a 90.6 PFF grade. Great speed, ran away from so many defenders last year. Can break arm tackles and smaller defenders tackles with adequate strength.
cons: Was a non-factor in the pass game, never blocked well and only caught 12 balls. Doesn’t have the great quickness and agility that a speed back would want. Not a great tackle breaker, he’s more of a maximize what you blocked for back.
take: Abanikanda made himself some money this year with a break out 1,400 yard season. He is a back that will show how good your OL is, if the hole is there he will take advantage of it with his speed. But, if you ask him to create by himself that’s not his game and will turn losses into gains.
RB Chase Brown Illinois 73
info: 329 carries 1,632 yards 10 TDs
pros: Lead the nation in yards and was the bell cow for Illinois. Has very good speed for the position, hit 22.5 MPH in a game. Pretty good vision, lets block develop and can bust through the line.
cons: 5th year player who only broke out his last year. Didn’t lead the league in rushing without an absurd number of carries. He’s on the slimmer side for the position, doesn’t run through contact well.
take: Brown was Illinois offense last year after 4 longer years of waiting to break out. He’s got the great speed to make in impact in the NFL but the strength is a real concern. He should be able to contribute to a backfield immediately.
RB Deuce Vaughn Kansas St 72
info: Vaughn was born in Fayetteville AR and moved to play HS football in Round Rock TX. He accumulated 5,472 all purpose yards to go along with 50 TDs in his career there. He had offers from many SEC schools but chose K State over them where he played as a true freshman and was named the Big 12 freshman of the year after getting 1,221 all purpose yards. His next season in 2021 was great, he had over a 91 PFF grade while rushing for over 1,500 yards and was All big 12 1st team. In 2022 he had a similar statistical year to make his mark as one of the best backs Kansas State has ever had.
pros: He's been a work horse for Kansas State, 3000 yards and over 500 carries in the last 2 years. Forced 106 missed tackles in the last 2 years with 27 TDs. Doesn't fumble often, only 2 career fumbles on 646 carries. Very good out of the backfield with a career 117 receptions and 1,275 yards. Great change of direction and quickness to his game, makes people completely whiff at times. Has break away speed and wont be caught by any LBs. Not afraid of contact, wont dance away from it.
cons: He's beyond small, you wont find a smaller back in the league at 5'6 175. Under an average of 3 yards after contact. Awful pass blocker, 21.3 is his highest PFF grade. Not going to get extra yards through contact. Probably wont be able to pass block.
take: Everything about Vaughn has to have the disclaimer of he’s so small. It’s hard to succeed in the NFL at his size but he can find a nice role out of the backfield in spread situations especially.
RB Tyjae Spears Tulane 73
info: 231 carries 1,586 yards 19 TDs.
pros: 63 forced missed tackles and 4.55 yards after contact. Consistently high PFF grades all 4 years. Solid out of the backfield in his career. Has great agility and athleticism, can take advantage of small windows and create big plays.
cons: Small for the position, 5’11 195 he’s a slim back. All his targets are checkdowns. Didn’t play the highest level competition, could struggle with better physicality at the next level.
take: Spears has shown he is a good back for the last 2 years and solidified his place in the NFL in 2022. He’s a very good athlete with the production to back it up that he should be drafted. He’s on the smaller side though which will limit his draft stock but he could end up making an impact in the NFL.
RB Chris Rodriguez Kentucky 71
info: 175 carries 904 yards 6 TDs.
pros: 2 grades over 90 for rushing. A career 6.2 YPC with 3,642 yards. Big well built back at 5’11 224. Packs a punch on initial contact, can easily run over defenders. Runs angry, arm tackles wont stop him and he’s not a fun back to bring down.
cons: Suspended for an unknown reason to start the 2022 season. Older prospect, this is his 5th year in college. Never a plus receiver, essentially a running back only. Can want to get too north and south sometimes, running straight into lineman. Not much quickness to his game, won’t make people whiff in space.
take: Rodriguez is an old school runner that would be a great back in the 80’s. He’s powerful has solid speed and put up numbers through out his career. He’s got the off field red flags and isn’t much of a pass catcher but that shouldn’t prevent him from finding a home in the NFL.
RB Keaton Mitchell East Carolina 72
info: 201 carries 1,452 yards 14 TDs.
pros: Back to back 1,000 yard seasons with a PFF rush grade if 93.9. Forced 75 missed tackles in 2022 while rushing for 7.2 YPA. Good change of direction, low center of gravity makes cutting easy for him. Explosive athlete, can accelerate and run past defenders.
cons: Not a very good pass protector, he’s only 5’9 183. Level of competition is a concern. No strength to his game, never going to be a physically dominate RB.
take: Mitchell is an electric back with solid contact balance and good athleticism. His biggest knocks are his size and competition level which are real concerns. He should be able to be a returner or maybe even find himself as a change of pace back in the league.
RB Tavion Thomas Utah 68
info: 142 carries 676 yards 7 TDs.
pros: Back to back years of 85+ PFF rush grades and 28 TDs. Great size at 6’2 240, has the power back build. Always falling forward for extra yardage.
cons: 10 fumbles on 476 attempts. Took a step back in 2022, graded lower and rushed for 500 less yards. Not a good receiver out of the backfield, a career 50 receiving yards. Has no juice to his game, the speed and quickness are lacking.
take: Thomas is your prototypical big back that can play on short yardage plays. He’s not going to be a lead guy anywhere but can fill the power back role if needed.
RB Camerun Peoples Appalachian St 67
info: 100 carries 592 yards 5 TDs.
pros: 6’2 225, good size. Good combination of size and speed for special teams.
cons: 5th year RB with only 592 yards his 5th year. Runs way too upright. No quicks to his game, not an explosive athlete.
take: Peoples had a solid RB career at Appalachian State where he ran for 2,800 yards. He’s not a good enough runner to be a guy in the NFL but his size and speed give a little hope to him making an NFL roster.
RB Evan Hull Northwestern 68
info: 220 carries 914 yards 5 TDs.
pros: Student of the game, he has good vision with a solid feel for setting up defenders. Can produce out of the backfield, over 500 yards receiving. Good at running feet through contact, he will churn for extra yards.
cons: Poor pass blocking grades, 92% pass block rate. Not going to make people miss cleanly, will break a tackle but isn’t dangerous after that. Athleticism is lacking, the quickness and speed are barely NFL level.
take: Hull will not be impressing anyone with a highlight tape but he does a lot of things good enough to play in the NFL. He’s a back up through and through but he could be a nice 3rd back on a team.
