TE Michael Mayer Notre Dame 81
info: Mayer was the number 2 TE recruit and the Gatorade Kentucky player of the year. He had all the schools offering him so he decided to go to the TE factory ND. He immediately flashed as a top TE along side Tommy Tremble. His first year he caught 42 balls for 450 yards and solidified himself as NDs next great TE. He backed it up the next 2 years catching over 65 balls and 800 yards each year with a PFF grade of 92.5 in 2022 where he was named an All American.
pros: True junior at 6’4 250 with a 90+ PFF grade and an All American. Great run blocker, very willing and strong at the point of attack. Strong hands, can catch a ball while being hit by an LB.
cons: Not the modern day 4.4 blazing fast TE that can play WR as well.
take: Mayer will be at least a solid starting TE for an NFL team that is his floor. He’s a big strong TE that has great hands and an ability to get open. If he can just get a little more athleticism he can be a top TE in the NFL.
TE Dalton Kincaid Utah 82
info: 70 receptions 890 yards 8 TDs.
pros: 91.7 PFF receiving grade in 2022, top TE in the country. 1.6% drop percentage, great hands. Good athlete that can use his speed and strength after the catch. Great ball skills, very natural and strong hands. Good routes, knows how to sit in zone and create separation.
cons: More of a slot TE than an inline blocking TE, he can get tossed around while blocking. Was a 5th year player and still not a good blocker.
take: Kincaid is an interesting evaluation; he didn’t start playing football until 2017 but is a natural at it. He has the ability to be one of the best receiving TE’s in the league with his solid athleticism and great hands. He’s not your old school TE that can block inline but if he can work on that and continue to develop, he will be a top 5 TE in the NFL.
TE Darnell Washington Georgia 76
info: 28 receptions 454 yards 2 TDs.
pros: He sticks out on a field of SEC players by towering over everyone, he’s 6’7 270. True junior who player all 3 years with above a 68 PFF grade. Almost like having an extra OL, 81 run block grade. Solid as a check down receiver, wont just be an extra OL.
cons: Never was a volume TE receiver, 45 career receptions. Will never be a receiving threat, he’s just a guy as a receiver.
take: Washington has his clear strength and that’s run blocking, he’s a massive TE with the ability to contribute to the pass game. He’s not going to be an impact receiving threat ever but he should be able to easily contribute to a team.
TE Luke Musgrave Oregon St 76
info: 11 receptions 169 yards 1 TD.
pros: 6’6 250, a very good TE build. Good and smooth athlete, can play from the slot. Was on Bruce Feldmans freak list, a versatile athlete with good testing numbers.
cons: Injured his knee after the 2nd game of the season in 2022. Not much of a run blocker. Not many targets but a 16% drop rate. Not great at finding open space and creating separation.
take: Musgrave is very much a developmental TE, he’s got the size and athleticism to be a good TE in the league but we haven’t seen it yet. The early season injury hurt the chances but he’s worth a mid round flyer.
TE Sam Laporta Iowa 75
info: 58 receptions 648 yards 1 TD.
pros: Good with the ball in his hands, 20 missed tackles forced. Good athlete, mover very well for a TE and can run WR routes. Iowa TE, not a stranger to blocking inline.
cons: Drops can be a concern for him. Doesn’t have the strength to be a good run blocker, they had him as a big slot a lot.
take: Laporta probably isn’t the next George Kittle just because he’s an Iowa TE. He’s a good athlete that’s a little undersized which hurts his run blocking. He is similar to Kittle in the fact that he’s good with the ball in his hands but he will need to get stronger to become a good NFL TE.
TE Brevyn Spann-Ford Minnesota 73
info: 42 receptions 497 yards 2 TDs.
pros: Big TE at 6’7 270, he is a plus in the run game. Great length, can pass block with the length he has and extend to catch any ball.
cons: 5th year player that took 3 years for him to contribute. Not a plus athlete, never going to be a top receiving threat.
take: Spann-Ford is a big run blocking TE that has some receiving upside to his game. He’s not the extra OL like some TE’s are but he can easily step in to be the TE2 and make an impact.
TE Tucker Kraft South Dakota St 73
info: 27 Receptions 348 yards 3 TDs.
pros: Perfect TE build at 6’5 255. Very good against FCS competition, easily shrugged off defenders. Solid hands and good catch radius.
cons: Got hurt week 1 against Iowa and missed 2 months. Played in the FCS against weaker competition. Drops may be a concern at 10% drop rate. Looked out of place at times blocking FBS talent. Not at plus athlete that will run by anyone.
take: Kraft was very good for South Dakota using his great size and strength to bully lower-level competition. It will be an adjustment to the NFL for sure but he has the ability to play in the league.
