WR Jaxon Smith-Njigba Ohio St 89
info: Smith-Njigba was a 5 star coming out of Rockwall HS in TX where he put up absurd numbers and leaving the state of Texas to join Olave and Wilson in Ohio at OSU. in 2020 his true freshman season he played sparingly thanks to 3 top 15 picks but Jameson Williams left for Alabama the next year and he stepped into the slot role. His 2021 season was great, he caught 95 balls for 1,600 yards and 9 TDs with a 91.7 pff grade. Nothing was more impressive than what he did when he was the lone target in their bowl game where he put up 336 yards and 3 TDs. He let down OSU his senior year after he got hurt and only played 40 total snaps in 2022 and missed the CFP.
pros: Didn't have many contested catch snaps but he went 9/10 when he got them. Really good and natural hands, makes tough catches look simple. Really good out of breaks, sets up defenders well and accelerates out of the break. Great body control, can twist and readjust to any ball to make the catch.
cons: Missed so many games in 2022, he only had one season of actually playing. Played slot only with stars on the outside, a very easy situation. Doesn't have the best speed, wont run away from anyone. Never really had to deal with press.
take: Smith-Njigba would be a top 10 pick easily if he repeated hos 2021 performance, but he missed his senior season. He's got the Keenan Allen skill of getting open and making plays on the ball but is just lacking that top end speed. The ability to be a great number 1 receiver is there, but with the lack of pysical tools it is more of a risk than you would like.
WR Jordan Addison USC 88
info: Addison was a slightly built 4 star recruit out of Frederick MD where he decided to stay closer to home and enroll at Pitt with future 1st round pick Kenny Pickett. He made an immediate impact by catching 60 balls for 662 yards and was named a True Freshman All American. His Sophomore season blew that out of the water though, he caught 100 balls for 1,593 yards a 17 TDs which was enough to win him the Biletnikoff award. That season made him a hot commodity in the transfer portal where he teamed up with Caleb Williams to lead USC to a comeback season for the Trojans. He caught 59 balls for 875 yards and 8 TDs and was named 1st team All-PAC 12.
pros: Production alone is great, 3,130 career yards and a Biletnikoff award. Good speed, can burn DBs down the field. Fixed drop concerns in 2022, only dropped 2 balls and made a lot of nice catches. Quick in his routes, with the ball and off the line. Good balance, can get knocked around and stay on his feet. Good ball skills down the field, can track the ball well.
cons: Slim frame, at 180 pounds he can get pushed around with physicality and mess up timing. Would have liked to see more production in 2022 with Caleb Williams.
take: Addison is pretty close to Garrett Wilson coming out, both are undersized but so quick and good at the position it didn’t derail them. He can clearly produce while being the teams number 1 and I expect that to continue in the NFL.
WR Quentin Johnston TCU 80
info: Johnston was a high 4 star recruit coming out of Temple HS in TX where he originally committed to Texas. He ultimately decided to go to TCU as one of the highest WR recruits they ever got. His first season there he showed off some impressive deep ball skills racking up 487 yards and 22.1 YPC. In 2021 as a true sophomore he showed his big play ability again with spectacular catches and 604 receiving yards. He really broke out in 2022 where he got 1,067 receiving yards and was named 1st team big 12 and lead TCU to the national championship game.
pros: Great size at 6’4 215 and is 21 as a true junior. He is a walking big play, averaged 18.8 YPC over his career. Great with the ball in his hands, he broke 19 tackles in 2022. Physical freak, can fly at his size, runs past CBs easily. Strong with the ball, can stick a foot in the ground and shake off defenders.
cons: May be the next Kevin White, game may not translate. For a guy his size he only was at a 40% career contested catch rate. Had a 10% drop rate which for a top receiver is a little high. Not impressive out of breaks, will not be creating separation at the stem. Agility and twitch are not apart of his game, he moves a little slow when trying to make people miss
take: null
WR Josh Downs North Carolina 79
info: Downs was a 4 star recruit out of Suwanee GA where he was an All State player as well as a triple jump and long jump star. He committed to North Carolina to play with Sam Howell and learn behind Dyamni Brown. After Brown went to the NFL Downs stepped up and became the teams number 1 catching 101 balls for 1,335 yards and solidified himself as one of the nations top WRs. He came back in 2022 and caught 94 yards for 1,029 yards and 11 TDs which was good enough to be an All American.
pros: Back to back 1,000 yard seasons with 195 receptions over the 2 years. Fixed drop issue in 2022 only dropping 3% of his targets. Top tier ball skills, can rise up over defenders to make a play. Good athlete, has great speed and can make plays with the ball in his hands.
cons: 5’10 175, a very small build for a receiver. Not the quick and twitch elite level you want for a guy his size. Almost exclusively worked from the slot.
take: Downs is going to be helped out by how well Jahan Dotson played in 2022. They have similar skill sets with solid hands good speed and being undersized. He should be able to step into a teams slot receiver role and play immediately.
WR Zay Flowers Boston College 79
info: 78 receptions 1,077 yards 12 TDs.
pros: Put up 3,000 career yards and 29 TDs. Makes some nice plays on the ball down the field, can adjust well. Shifty and fast, with space he can be electric.
cons: 5’10 170, he’s a very small receiver. Drops are an issue at 10.8% career drop rate. Haven’t seen him beat press too much, may be a slot only.
take: Flowers is another small explosive receiver that has good athleticism but the size may limit him. He’s very good with the ball in his hands and can make plays down the field so that should make him a viable receiver in the NFL. Its to be determined if he has the ability to translate to the NFL but with his athleticism its worth a shot.
WR Rashee Rice SMU 78
info: 96 receptions 1,344 yards 10 TDs.
pros: 6’3 205, has a good build for the position. Amazing at adjusting to the ball mid air and winning 50/50. Good speed for his size, can run away from defenders. Good with the ball in his hands, can make defenders miss easily. Was the number one guy his final year and got better every year.
cons: Played at SMU so not the best competition he went against. Didn’t see many advanced routes or technique, usually won on simple go’s or hitches and him being more physical.
take: Rice developed into a star for SMU in 2022, doubling his production from the previous year. He played against weaker competition that you would have liked to see but he’s such a physically gifted receiver that he will not be out of place in the NFL. If he can continue to progress he will be a star in the NFL.
WR Michael Wilson Stanford 78
info: 27 receptions 421 yards 4 TD 72 RECV.
pros: Good size at 6’2 216 and 9 7/8 inch hands. 62% contested catch rate, has good body control and hands. Good routes and releases, uses tempo well as well as physical ability to separate. Can add value after the catch with is size and athleticism.
cons: Extensive injury history, missed time nearly every year. Played 5 years and never had a great PFF grade.
take: Wilson only has 2 negatives and neither have to do with his ability. He wasn’t very productive and he has some big time injury concerns. Other than that he has the size, ball skills and athleticism as well as route running ability to play in the league. He should step in and immediately be a starting NFL receiver.
WR Nathaniel Dell Houston 77
info: 108 receptions 1,399 yards 17 TDs.
pros: Back-to-back 1,300 yard receiving seasons with 30 TDs. Amazing athlete, has the agility and speed you need to play at 165. Great deep threat with the ability to shake defenders deep and be wide open.
cons: Drops the ball more than you would like at 9%. 5’10 165, he’s a very small receiver. Played against lower level of competition than you would like.
take: Dell is Zay flowers but older and played at Houston. He’s way undersized but he’s such a great athlete he made up for it. He can be a teams return man as well as maybe develop into a deep threat out of the slot.
WR Marvin Mims Oklahoma 76
info: 54 receptions 1,082 yards 6 TDs.
pros: 19.5 Yards per catch, he’s a solid deep threat. 89 PFF receiving grade as a true freshman. Good athlete, very fluid in space and can punt return. Good with the ball, slippery to tackle, guys slide right off him even at 185. Great ball skills, made some unreal catches. True junior that produced every year at OK.
cons: 5’11 184, would like to see him add size. Played in a system where there is nothing but space to deal with, which is where he excels.
take: Mims was a stud recruit breaking Texas state records in high school and immediately made an impact in college. He has the athleticism and ball skills that are going to translate to the next level. He’s on the smaller side though which may limit him as a number 2 option, but he has the ability to be a good NFL WR.
WR Jalin Hyatt Tennessee 76
info: Hyatt was a 4 star recruit out of Dutch Fork HS in SC where he led his team to back to back undefeated seasons while breaking his HS's receiving records .He initially committed to play of the Hokies before flipping his commitment to Tennessee. His Freshman year he got on start and had some use getting 276 receiving yards and 2 TDs. his sophomore year was more of the same but really broke out in 2022 and developed a great connection with Hendon Hooker. In 2022 he won the Biletnikoff and was named to the 1st team All SEC team after racking up 1,267 yards and 15 TDs.
pros: Accolades his senior year where as good as it gets. Great speed, can put on the burners and pull away from people. Solid hands, not just a speed guy who can't catch, he can catch through contact.
cons: One year of being a full time starter. Mostly a slot receiver in college, 87% of his snaps from there. Only got a 77 PFF grade, not whatyou expect from the Biletnikoff winner. Very thin frame, needs to add some size for NFL physicality. Awful out of the break and off the line, not quick just fast.
take: Hyatt can run fast, that's about where the positives end. He's not a polished receiver, he's not good out of breaks and doesn't do well with physicality. His top end outcome is a deep threat only.
WR Jayden Reed Michigan St 76
info: Reed was not a very coveted recruit out of Naperville IL where he was an All-Illinois first team receiver. He went to Western Michigan where he was a FWAA Freshman All American before transferring to Michigan St to play in the power 5. In 2021 he really broke out, as well as being the team’s best return man he also had 1000 yards receiving and 10 TDs. His senior year was a bit of a step back but he still had a 70 PFF grade with 636 yards and 5 TDs.
pros: Great athlete, moves different than most other receivers. Has the speed to take the top off the defense. Can create separation with his suddenness. Can return play a lot or outside receiver. Solid ability to rise up and make contested catches.
cons: Drop off in 2022 going from 82 to 71 grade. 5’10 190, he’s a smaller WR. Dances a little too much when he catches it. Hands are only average, his catch radius is ok because he’s not great at catching the ball away from his body.
take: Reed was a star receiver for Michigan State, he was a versatile receiver with returning ability for them. He is a good athlete that can get open with his speed and agility. He’s not the biggest receiver though and he doesn’t have the best hands which will limit him from going really early in the draft. He can step in and make an impact on an NFL roster now.
WR Puka Nacua BYU 75
info: 48 receptions 625 yards 5 TD 90.1 RECV.
pros: Solid size, 6’1 205. 2 striaght good years of PFF grades and finishing with a 90.1 RECV. Solid contested catch rate at 61.8%. Played snaps at RB, has RAC ability. Good at the top of routes at subtly getting separation to make a play on the ball. Solid athlete, can hit home runs after the catch. Tough competitive kid.
cons: Not good at getting off press at the line. The suddenness in routes isn’t there, he wont be a top level route runner.
take: Nacua wont be the shifty route runner that will show the QB a wide open target, but that is not his game. He’s a great RAC receiver that has good ball skills and physicality to make a play on the ball. He should step in and immediately contribute for whatever team drafts him and could possibly become a force in the league.
WR Xavier Hutchinson Iowa St 75
info: 107 receptions 1,171 yards 6 TDs
pros: good production catching over 100 balls in 2022 with an 89.4 receiving grade. Good hands, only a 4.9% career drop rate. Good routes/releases, can get off press and create separation initially. Long limbed, 6’3 and can extend to make plays on the ball. Great ball skills, does a great job reacting to the throw and getting in position to make a catch.
cons: Not very fast, isn’t threatening the defense vertically. Not quick out of breaks, he wont shake any DBs and break away from them.
take: Hutchinson was a big part of Iowa States offense, when they needed a 1st down he was their guy. He is a reliable big framed receiver that can make plays on the ball. He’s lacking that next gear though, he wont run past anyone or make anyone fear his athleticism.
WR Tyler Scott Cincinnati 75
info: 55 receptions 904 yards 9 TD 73.1 RECV.
pros: True junior that is an elite athlete. Great deep threat, deep routes are very good. He has great acceleration speed and agility.
cons: Small receiver at 5’11 185. Hands are only ok, he wont be making any great catches over anyone. Not a strong receiver, will struggle with physicality.
take: Scott is a smaller receiver but he is a top tier athlete that will scare defenses. He’s not going to become your top WR that take over games but he’s so fast he’s a threat to score every play.
WR Charlie Jones Purdue 75
info: 110 receptions 1,361 yards 12 TD 83.8 RECV.
pros: Had a great breakout 2022 season. Has been a top dog on his team, over 100 receptions. Doesn’t drop the ball, 3.9% drop rate. Smart player that knows where the open part of zones are and how to create separation. Great with the ball in the air, can track it and make the play.
cons: 6 foot 188, he’s on the thin side of the position. 1 good year in 5 seasons. Not great with the ball in his hands breaking tackles, not a great athlete.
take: Jones put on a show his final year of college, he was Purdues number 1. He only played well one year but everything he does translates to the league well. He’s got great ball skills and does a good job running his routes which is a good recipe in the league. He isn’t the top tier athlete that you want but he could end up being a great NFL player because his strengths are what you need in the NFL.
WR Parker Washington Penn St 74
info: 46 receptions 611 yards 2 TDs.
pros: Stocky build at 5’10 215 and a true junior. Best hands I've seen, 5% drop and a surprisingly high contested catch rate. Unreal ball skills, can catch a ball in any position and can catch away from his body. Can add YAC with his center of gravity and strong lower half.
cons: Never really was the alpha in the receiving core, best season came with Jahan Dotson as the number 1. Not that fast and shifty for the play style that would fit his build. Doesn’t create the separation with his routes that you would like from a 5’10 slot guy.
take: Washington is an interesting eval, he’s got a weird stocky build for the position and isn’t that top end athlete. But, he’s very good with the ball in his hands and can go pluck the ball out of the air if it’s within his range. He will be able to step in as a return man and if he gets craftier with his routes he could be a great slot.
WR Cedric Tillman Tennessee 74
info: 37 receptions 417 yards 3 TDs.
pros: Good size, 6’3 215. Good hands and good catch radius, 5% career drop rate. Good body control and making plays on the ball through contact. Good physicality, uses hands well to create separation and run through contact.
cons: Injured for his final season for 6 weeks causing production to drop off. 1 out of 5 years he caught more than 40 balls. Not a good athlete, not quick and the speed is average. A lot of null plays in Tennessee offense where he doesn’t have to do anything.
take: Tillman had a great 4th season where he had over 1,000 yards after a down first 3 years. He came back for his 5th and final year to add on to his production but he got hurt. He’s a big bodied receiver that can make a play on the ball no matter who’s on him but he’s not that good athlete that will create separation.
WR Jonathan Mingo Ole Miss 73
info: 51 receptions 861 yards 5 TD 77.7 RECV.
pros: Very good size, 6’1 226 and 32 inch arms with 10 inch hands. Good athlete, his acceleration and agility are good. Good strength and run after the catch.
cons: Hands are average at best, 10.3 career drop percentage and 43.9% contested catch. Not a good route runner, doesn’t create separation by himself.
take: Mingo is a raw receiver with great upside. The physical part of the position he has down, he’s big fast and strong. He’s lacking the technical parts of the position though, his hands are all right and his routes are not good. The Ole Miss offense didn’t give him a shot to show it off but if he develops his game he can be a steal.
WR Kayshon Boutte LSU 73
info: Boutte was a 5 star recruit out of New Iberia LA where he was an All State receiver and a highly sought after recruit. He chose to stay home and go to the National Champion LSU tigers, he was immediately thought of as their number 1 but he always seemed to fall short of the very high expectations. His career highs were 48 receptions, 735 yards and 9 TDs which are solid but not top WR numbers. His career came to an end in a very interesting end when he said he would return but some off field issues arose and he declared.
pros: 5 star recruit and a true junior. Solid build at 6 foot 200 and has good speed to go along with it.
cons: Has some off field concerns at LSU. Has drop issues, at 11% drop rate. Hate his effort on routes, he doesn’t work to get open and he’s lazy.
take: Boutte is a case of all the talent in the world but non of the effort. It makes me upset to watch such a physically talented WR play the way he does.
WR Dontayvion Wicks Virginia 73
info: 57 receptions 1,201 yards 9 TD 80.4 RECV.
pros: Good size at 6’2 212 and 32.75 inch arms and 10 inch hands. Had a 1,201 yard season in 2022 before the offense became a dumpster fire. Good patience in his releases. Good stop ability, can stop on a dime. Good underneath receiver, can run nice routes and find open holes in the zone.
cons: Massive drop off in 2022, 800 less receiving yards. Hands are a massive question, 23% drop rate in 2022. Not a high level athlete.
take: It may have just been the 2022 Virginia offense, but that year was terrible. He has an amazing 2021 season followed by the biggest disappointment in 2022. If he can return to pre 2022 form he will be a great value pick.
WR Jadon Haselwood Arkansas 73
info: Haselwood didn't have a hard time getting offers out of Fayetteville AR, he was the top WR prospect and a high 5 star. He committed to the power house OU where he played with QBs Jalen Hurts, Spencer Rattler and Caleb Williams. He never produced much at Oklahoma, he only had 650 total yards in 3 years and looked like a bust of a 5 star. He left OU when Lincoln Riley left and went back to his home state of Arkansas where he had 59 receptions for 700 yards and 3 TDs after recovering from an ACL tear in 2020.
pros: Good size at 6’2 213, ideal outside receiver. Natural hands catcher, attacks the ball and catches away from the body. Can really run after the catch, he’s a strong runner with a good feel for space. Physical receiver, can play through contact and use hands in routes well.
cons: Never got the play time and targets at Oklahoma a 5 star recruit should get. A lot of lazy routes where he’s drifting and that was a part of the offense. Not a sudden athlete, won’t be shaking any defenders and creating separation. Top speed isn’t great, he won’t threaten defensive backs deep. Total career production would be good for one year, it’s concerning he never could get more targets.
take: Haselwood was a top tier prospect and had high hopes when he went to Oklahoma as a freshman. His career didn’t go how he would like it though, never getting the targets he would want. He did show that he is a big physical receiver with good ball skills though which is perfect for an X receiver. He could get a chance to start at some point because of the size and physicality.
WR AT Perry Wake Forest 73
info: 71 receptions 1,296 yards 15 TD 83 RECV.
pros: Great length, 6’3 195 with 33.75 inch arms. Back to back 1000 yard receiving seasons with 83 RECV grades. Good catch radius with his length and vertical. Comes back to attack the ball well. Solid release package, uses hands and shake well.
cons: Only average hands, 10% drop rate and a sub 50% contested catch. Sub par athlete, his agility isn’t very good. His routes need work, Wakes offense didn’t have him do much.
take: Perry is the prototypical X receiver, he’s a long receiver that can win on the sideline whether that be tracking the ball or coming back to it on a comeback. He was ultra productive and showed solid ball skills but he’s not a complete prospect. The athleticism is just ok and he dropped too many balls over the course of the year. He may be able to step in at X day 1 but I wouldn’t expect him to take over the league.
WR Rakim Jarrett Maryland 72
info: 40 receptions 471 yards 3 TD 62.3 RECV.
pros: Former 5 star recruit that is a true junior. Stayed loyal to Maryland over leaving for a big time program. Good athlete, has speed and agility so the potential is good.
cons: Never took over like a 5 star should at Maryland. 11.8% drop rate and 18.2% contested catch rate, scary numbers for his hands. Didn’t run a real good route his entire career, he was limited and didn’t run good routes. Looks like he doesn’t try on plays, jogs routes too much.
take: Jarrett has been a definite disappointment for Maryland. He was a high 5 star recruit and he never made a huge impact or justified that 5 star ranking. He’s a great athlete but his tape is meh, he hasn’t developed any receiver ability past HS it seems.
WR Grant DuBose Charlotte 72
info: 63 receptions 793 yards 9 TD 72.8 RECV.
pros: 6’2 205, he’s got solid size. Back to back solid seasons of 60+ and 750+. Good route runner, he’s very good out of the top of his break. Good release, can shake guys at the line.
cons: Played at Charlotte, not the best competition. Athleticism is not good, he can’t threaten deep.
take: Dubose is a very solid receiver that has played well for Charlotte. He’s such a good route runner, from the release to the stem of the route he is great. His issue is that he isn’t the level of athlete you would like to see. He could become a starting receiver but he needs to win without his athleticism.
WR Trey Palmer Nebraska 72
info: 71 receptions 1,043 yards 9 TD.
pros: 1,000 yards in his one year as a featured guy. Elite speed, he’s a true deep threat.
cons: 6 foot 190, he’s on the small side. Hands are questionable, 13% drop rate and 39% contested catch rate. Not an explosive athlete, burst and agility are mediocre.
take: Palmer is a one trick pony, he’s a burner. His entire game is his elite speed. He will not be anything more than a deep threat though which doesn’t work in the NFL.
WR Ronnie Bell Michigan 71
info: Bell was an under recruited player out of Park Hill in Kansas City. He got an offer from Michigan and he jumped on it and it worked out for both sides. He appeared in 13 games as a true freshman and got 10 starts his sophomore year while being named Michigan’s Offensive Skill POY. his senior year was looking to be a big one after returning a punt 31 yards and scoring a 76 yard TD, unfortunately he tore his ACL in that game and it ended that season. He came back in 2021 and was named a team captain and caught 50 yards for 686 yards and 2 TDs.
pros: Played in both the slot and out wide. Michigan’s number 1 receiver. Solid routes, does some subtle things to get a bit of separation. NFL athlete, has the quickness and speed to be an NFL receiver.
cons: Awful contested catch rate at a career 20%. Torn ACL in 2021. Not the biggest receiver at 5’11 192. Didn’t see many press reps, may struggle with physicality. No trump card, doesn’t have great speed, strength or routes/production.
take: Bell is a very solid receiver, he was Michigans number one guy thanks to his solid overall ability. He runs solid routes and has the athleticism to add to the run after the catch. It’s tough to only see one top year of production and not be the ideal size though, he should be a good depth piece for a WR core.
WR Elijah Higgins Stanford 70
info: 59 receptions 704 yards 2 TD 64.8 RECV.
pros: Great size at 6’3 228 with 32 inch arms and 10.5 inch hands. Got more production every single year. Some of the best speed and acceleration at the senior bowl.
cons: Never dominated, his best year was 704 yards. For a guy his size he is only ok at contested catches, 43%. Not a sudden player, agility isn’t the best which hurts his routes. Not great off press which will throw off timing.
take: Higgins has the ideal size and speed a team is looking for, he is 6’3 230 and has good speed. He’s a developmental receiver though, his releases and routes are not there yet and his production doesn’t match someone that physically gifted. He should be a depth piece that can play special teams and if he develops he can be a great outside receiver.
WR Andrei Iosivas Princeton 70
info: 64 receptions 924 yards 7 TD 85.7 RECV.
pros: Good size, 6’3 212. Dominated low level competition. Solid hands, 4.5% drop rate in 2022. Looks like a good athlete against bad competition.
cons: 8.5 inch hands. He doesn’t have the most natural hands, catches on the body. He played against garbage FCS teams.
take: Iosivas has the look of an NFL receiver but he’s such a projection because of the competition he played against. Get him on a team and let him develop while he can contribute on special teams.
WR Jalen Wayne South Alabama 69
info: 57 receptions 812 yards 9 TD 69.5 RECV.
pros: Good size, 6’1 211. Solid straight speed, can win down the field.
cons: 6th year player that had 1.5 solid seasons. Not much of an underneath receiver, he doesn’t have suddenness or good routes.
take: Wayne is a good sized athlete that threatens down the field. He became a full time WR later in college and it shows because his routes underneath need work. If he develops in practice at the NFL he could be a nice piece for a teams receiving core.
WR Tre Tucker Cincinnati 68
info: 53 attempts 680 yards 3 TD 69.5 RECV.
pros: Speed for days, one of the fastest players in the draft. Worked the middle of the field well. Great overall athleticism, can shake dudes and accelerate quickly. Good return man
cons: He’s very small, at 5’9 187 he has 28 inch arms and 8.5 inch hands. Never had a season over 700 yards. Was a slot only player in college. Not natural hands, catching doesn’t look easy.
take: Tucker is a great athlete and can really stretch the defense. He’s just so undersized and played slot only that the NFL will be a big adjustment. He can be a gadget player that can return for a team.
WR Derius Davis TCU 68
info: 42 receptions 531 yards 5 TD 66.4 RECV.
pros: Good run after the catch, broke a tackle on 25% of his receptions. Great return man and gadget player. May run a 4.2 he can fly.
cons: 5’8 168 with 7.5 inch hands, he’s as small as it gets. Not an actual receiver.
take: Would you draft a return man only that can be a gadget player. If you would Davis is your guy, he’s a great athlete but so small that he’s not going to be a receiver.
WR Jalen Cropper Fresno St 69
info: 83 receptions 1,089 yards 5 TD 75 RECV.
pros: Back to back 80+ reception seasons. Solid drop rate, 6% in 2022. Good hands and body control. Good quickness, can stop and start very well.
cons: 5’11 171 with 29.75 inch arms and 8.5 inch hands, he’s a small receiver. Not a top end athlete like is needed for 171 pounds.
take: Cropper was a very good and productive receiver over the last two seasons. He has the ball skills and body control along with quickness to have a shot at being an NFL receiver. The issue is he’s 170 pounds and not overly athletic which would be needed at that size.
