QB Caleb Williams USC 93
info: 6’1 215. Williams was a high 5-star recruit out of Gonzaga HS which is in Washington DC where he had his choice of where he wanted to play. He was set on playing with Lincon Riley because he chose OU where they had the Heisman favorite Spencer Rattler already after his great freshman season. After half a season of waiting his turn OU put him in the lineup and the rest is history. He was named a 2021 True freshman all American and was thought of as one of the best QBs in the country. After that season he followed his head coach to USC where he teamed up with the former bilitnikof award winner Jordan Addison to bring USC back to relevance. That’s exactly what happened as he lead USC to the playoff hunt before falling just short in their conference championship game.
pros: Came in as a true freshman and threw for 1,912 yards and 21 TDs with a 91.3 PFF grade. Won the Heisman as a sophomore with an absurd 4,539 yards and 42 TDs with a 91.6 PFF grade. Natural thrower of the football, the ball comes out so easy and goes where he wants it. Has the ability to create on his own, his escabability is very good. Short accuracy is on another level, perfect ball every time. Can throw some fastballs in the intermediate game, the ball gets there on time. Good athlete, can run the read option and is a threat scrambling. Pocket movement is excellent, when forced to move in there he’s super quick. Sturdy build and tough kid, he can take hits and play through pain.
cons: Not the prototypical 6’3+ QB, slightly shorter than you want. A little to happy to throw off platform, needlessly does it too often and either drifts or jumps. Can get his eyes down on the rush sometimes, needs to be able to deliver a ball as the rush is getting there. Deep ball accuracy needs work, sometime looks like underthrows and other touch passes are way off. Don’t love the anticipation, see’s a receiver out of his break before throwing it too often. Misses too many open receiver instead of scanning the field and being patient. Touch passes aren’t up to par with his hard throws. Too many fumbles and not careful enough with the ball scrambling.
take: Williams is a playmaker in every sense of the word. He can do it with his legs and has natural arm talent to make nearly every throw. He still needs to become a more heads up player and clean up some sloppy habbits, but once he does he will be unstoppable.
