LB First Last College 00
size: *0'0 000, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 tackles 0 sacks 0 INT 0 PBU, 0 RDEF 0 TACK 0 PRSH 0 COV
info: NA
pros:
cons:
take: NA




LB Marlowe Wax Syracuse 69
size: *6'0 230, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 tackles 0 sacks 0 INT 0 PBU, 0 RDEF 0 TACK 0 PRSH 0 COV
info: 22 years old. Wax was a star 2 way player at RB and LB in HS. He was a 3 star RB recruit out of Baltimore MD where he committed to Cuse over schools like Pitt and Temple. In 2020 he played in every game and even had a start as a true freshman. He proceeded to start the rest of his career and had a great 2023 season where he was a team captain and named 2nd team All-ACC.
Pros: Good tackler, has a solid career Missed tackle rate. Solid QB spy, plays pursuit well. Solid at dipping under blockers. Solid at finding windows to attack in the run game. Solid instincts.
Cons: Shorter linebacker without the length. Sub par NFL athlete. Lacking long speed. Doesn’t stack and shed very well. Gets eaten up when blockers get hands on him.
take: Wax was the leader of the Syracuse defense where he was a sure tackler and a good QB spy. He shows the ability to find windows and slip under blocks to make plays regularly. He’s not the rangiest LB, he’s on the shorter side and isn’t a fast LB which will limit his chances to play in the NFL.

LB Justin Barron Syracuse 71
size: *6'3 230, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 tackles 0 sacks 0 INT 0 PBU, 0 RDEF 0 TACK 0 PRSH 0 COV
info: 23 years old. Barron was a star player on both sides of the ball for Suffield Academy in CT. He was a 3 star recruit and a top 100 athlete committing to play in Syracuse on the defensive side. He was a special teams player in 2020 before starting as the hybrid safety/linebacker for the rest of his career. He broke out in 2023 serving as a team captain and was a Honorable mention All-ACC member.
Pros: Very versatile player, played S, LB, and slot. Good athlete for a LB. Good size and length. Plays physically at safety. Good in coverage, see’s and breaks on routes well.
Cons: Lowers his head to make tackles, causing misses or penalties. Never played in the box and stopped the run. As a safety doesn't move as fluid as you want to see.
take: Barron is a physically imposing defender, he has the size, length and athleticism of an NFL LB. He’s played DB in college so he has a solid feel for coverage and making plays in space. Playing LB will be a big difference in the NFL but physically he can do it.


