OL First Last College 00
size: 0'0 000, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 snaps 0 pressures, 0 RBLK 0 PBLK
info:
pros:
cons:
take:

OT Joe Alt Notre Dame 85
size: *6'7 317, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 snaps 0 pressures, 0 RBLK 0 PBLK
info: Alt was a 4 star recruit out of Totino Grace in Minneapolis where he received offers from a few big 10 teams but ultimately went with the OL factory ND. He has the bloodlines to play professional ball, his dad John Alt is in the Chiefs HoF who was a pro bowl OL from Iowa. His freshman year he played some TE and by halfway through the season he took over the starting LT spot and played well. 2022 was his breakout year, he was an all American dominating in both the pass and run game only allowing 5 pressures all year.
pros: Good strong stance, good flexibility. Very smart player, picks up stunts instantly. Very good hand usage, strikes in the right spot and refits well. Solid athlete, can pull well and get into space. Good mirroring ability, will rarely los to counters and inside moves.
cons: Plays off balance way too much, lunges too often. Catches pass rushers instead of initiating contact. Needs to work on independent hand usage, a lot of 2 hands to the chest. He’s not a mauler, not the biggest or strongest. Crosses his feet and gets narrow too much, needs to play with a better base. Leans too much, helmet constantly in the block and less extended.
take: Alt is a very talented tackle that has the tools to be an all pro tackle. He has great athleticism too his game, he can pull and move in space at a high level as well as mirror pass rushers. His technique is pretty good for a college tackle, he does a great job refitting his hands and has good placement on strikes. He just needs to continue to develop, whether that be his strength/pad level or independent hand usage. Once he puts it all together he will be a top tier tackle in the NFL.
