EDGE First Last College 00
size: *0'0 000, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 pressures 0 sacks 0 tackles, 0 RDEF 0 TACK 0 PRSH
info: NA
pros:
cons:
take: NA


EDGE James Pearce Tennessee 78
size: *6'5 242, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 pressures 0 sacks 0 tackles, 0 RDEF 0 TACK 0 PRSH
info: 21 years old. 4 star recruit from Charlotte NC. Didn’t play as a true freshman. True sophomore breakout, 13 sacks and All SEC 1st team.
Pros: Very good pass rush production. Good length. Solid power, can bull an OT with a long arm. Great athlete, closedown speed is great. Good on stunts, gets home quick. Can set an edge with his long arms.
Cons: Didn’t get any playing time as a true freshman and not an every down edge as a sophomore. Thinner rusher, needs to add weight and power. No secondary moves. Not a refined pass rusher.
take: Pearce is a young athletic long rusher with sky high potential. He has a nice long arm and some elite closing speed to finish his pass rush. He still needs to develop him pass rush game and add mass to be an every down NFL starter.


EDGE Fadil Diggs Syracuse 68
size: *6’5 260, NA arms, NA hands.
test: 40 - NA | 3 cone - NA | shuttle - NA | vert - NA | broad - NA | bench - NA.
stat: 0 pressures 0 sacks 0 tackles, 0 RDEF 0 TACK 0 PRSH
info: Diggs was a very highly touted recruit out of Eastside in Camden NJ where he was named NJ Gatorade Player of the year. He committed to Texas A&M where he contributed as a redshirt freshman and then in 2022 became the starter and a team captain. He didn’t produce much more in his final year where he was also a team captain before deciding to transfer to play at the same school his brother committed to, Syracuse.
Pros: Good at finishing plays. Solid size and length. Solid agility. Versatile, played the edge, DL and LB in coverage. Decent at keeping hands off him.
Cons: No pass rush moves, just goes forward. Not the strongest edge setter. Get off is average. Stiff rusher, bend is bad.
take: Diggs is an NFL type edge player, with the size and athleticism to check off the boxes. He just lacks the juice that starting NFL edges have, he needs to play more aggressively with more refinement to have a NFL career.

