QB Brennan Armstrong Virginia 73
info: Armstrong was born in Shelby Ohio where he was a dominate QB for his HS and was a 3 star prospect after leading his team to a 13-1 record. He garnered interest from many big 10 schools even committing to Iowa State before eventually flipping his commitment to Virginia where he enrolled in the spring. He was the backup behind one of Virginias best QB’s Bryce Perkins his first 2 years where he only played in garbage time. In his redshirt sophomore year he was named the starter as well as team captain and hit the ground running, passing for 2,114 yards and running for 677. He received a 90.3 PFF grade for that year but only led the team to a 5-5 record. His redshirt junior year he took a big step in the passing game and became more efficient. He threw for 4,429 yards with a 64.7 completion percentage and a 31 TDs with 10 INTs. He improved his grade to a 91.8 and his passing grade to a 90.3 but still went 500 going 6-6. The worst case scenario happened his final year though, he got a new coach in Tony Elliot and the offense fell off a cliff as well as Armstrongs play. His grade tanked to below a 60 and threw for 2000 less yards and only 7 TDs with 12 INTs.
pros: Solid arm strength, can make a throw to anywhere on the field with relative ease. Good at throwing off platform, a lot of throws where he puts it on the money scrambling around. Good runner, is a threat with his legs but doesn’t rely on them heavily. Has shown good anticipation throws, splitting zones on the break of a receiver. Trust his receivers to make plays, not afraid to put it on the back shoulder or let his receivers box out defenders. Good accuracy to all levels, has solid touch on the deep ball and very good on intermediate routes.
cons: On the smaller side of quarterbacks, 6’2 215 and likes to run which could be worrisome. He’s a lefty and it always looks weird which doesn’t matter. Had 9 fumbles and 21 turnover worthy plays, he has to cut down on those and protect the ball. Feet need a lot of work, doesn’t like to throw off of a good platform. A lot of weird movements in the pocket, has the ball in one hand and pumps until his guy is open. Would like to see more zone manipulation so safeties can’t get a beat on it. Needs to throw with slightly better anticipation consistently, lets defenders make up ground too often. Makes terrible decisions with the ball for no reason, just can’t make some of these throws in the NFL
take: Armstrong is a mix of a back yard football player and a pro style QB. There are plenty of reps where you see him stand in the pocket and throw with solid timing, but he also has that make something happen gene in him. He has a good arm and is a good athlete but he makes some of the worst decisions with the ball that I’ve seen so that has to be cleaned up to play in the NFL.
